# Departures and Arrivals

An ode to LAX.

Braxton Hyatt is a domestic passenger. She is from New York. She is arriving from Boston. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Mrs. Alize Carter is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Senegal. Arriving from Albuquerque on Allegiant Air. Going to Havana on Alaska Airlines. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Tanya Johnston is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Iraq. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Ruth Miller is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. Ruth Miller is flying on Frontier. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Joy Bahringer is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Kenya. Arriving from Missoula on Allegiant Air. Going to Wichita. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Mr. Anjali Ritchie is a domestic passenger. She is from Oregon. She is arriving from Dallas–Love. She is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Mrs. Janiya Kunze is an international passenger. He is a citizen of India. Arriving from Changsha, Chengdu on Hainan Airlines. Going to Chongqing. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kristian Towne is a domestic passenger. She is from Connecticut. She is leaving from LAX to go to San Jose, California. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous.

Obie Yundt is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Egypt. Arriving from Toronto–Pearson on WestJet. Going to Calgary. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Andy Kuvalis is a domestic passenger. He is from Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to Omaha. Andy Kuvalis is flying on Frontier. Andy Kuvalis is traveling to visit family. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mr. Kayley Ward is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to San Jose, California. Mr. Kayley Ward is flying on Southwest Airlines. Mr. Kayley Ward is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dameon Fisher is a domestic passenger. She is from Idaho. She is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Nashville. Dameon Fisher is flying on Allegiant Air. She is tired. She has a convenient layover of 6 hours.

Mr. Shannon Kirlin is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Georgia. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Manila on Philippine Airlines. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Geovanny Heidenreich is a domestic passenger. He is from Ohio. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to Dallas. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has a nice layover of 5 hours.

Kole Hegmann is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Las Vegas and headed to San Diego. He is excited. He has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Julie Gutkowski is a domestic passenger. They is from Alaska. They is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Washington DC. They are traveling on a pilgrimage. They are sad. They have a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Precious VonRueden is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is leaving from LAX to go to Houston–Intercontinental.

Braulio Berge is a domestic passenger. He is from North Dakota. He is arriving from Portland, Oregon. He is delirious. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Nadia Herman is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is arriving from Pittsburgh. She is delirious. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Eleazar Greenholt is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is leaving from LAX to go to Kansas City. Eleazar Greenholt is traveling for business.

Nikki Wilderman V is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is arriving from Dallas/Fort Worth. Nikki Wilderman V is traveling on top-secret business. He is angry. He is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Payton Turner is a domestic passenger. He is from South Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Phoenix. Payton Turner is flying on Southwest Airlines. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 37 minutes.

Harmony Ward II is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Barbados. Arriving from Qingdao on XiamenAir. Going to Qingdao. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Alyson Eichmann is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Sacramento. Alyson Eichmann is flying on Southwest Airlines. Alyson Eichmann is traveling to visit family. She is ecstatic. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Vicente Erdman DVM is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is leaving from LAX to go to San Francisco. She is traveling on a vacation.

Lane Abernathy DDS is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Washington–Dulles. Lane Abernathy DDS is flying on Allegiant Air. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ettie Hintz is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is arriving from Austin. Ettie Hintz is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is anxious. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Pasquale Senger is a domestic passenger. He is from Wisconsin. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Indianapolis. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Kamren Daniel DVM is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is leaving from LAX to go to El Paso.

Stephan Bins Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Tennessee. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to New York City. Stephan Bins Sr. is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is nervous. She has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Macy McDermott is a domestic passenger. She is from Delaware. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Pittsburgh. Macy McDermott is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Jabari Hegmann I is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Dallas–Love. Jabari Hegmann I is flying on Southwest Airlines. He is grief-stricken. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Mr. Cheyanne Veum is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is leaving from LAX to go to Fort Lauderdale. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is sad.

Dianna Williamson is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is leaving from LAX to go to Cleveland. Dianna Williamson is traveling to visit family. He is angry.

Gavin Lang Jr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to San Francisco. Gavin Lang Jr. is flying on JetBlue. She has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Elbert Champlin is a domestic passenger. He is from Alabama. He is leaving from LAX to go to Reno/Tahoe. Elbert Champlin is traveling on a vacation. He is excited.

Dr. Dorcas McDermott is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Namibia. Arriving from Mazatlán on Alaska Airlines. Going to Anchorage. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Cielo Lockman PhD is a domestic passenger. He is from Michigan. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Atlanta and headed to San Francisco. Cielo Lockman PhD is traveling on a vacation. He has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Mozelle Bartell is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Sacramento. Mozelle Bartell is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Romaine Cronin is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Iraq. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Nadi on Fiji Airways. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport. Their ride is late.

Miss Isaac Adams is a domestic passenger. She is from West Virginia. She is leaving from LAX to go to El Paso. Miss Isaac Adams is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is anxious.

Kasandra Kuhic is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Orlando. Kasandra Kuhic is traveling for business. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 20 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Samantha Jaskolski is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is arriving from Phoenix. Samantha Jaskolski is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is anxious. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport. Their ride is late.

Ernestine Waters is a domestic passenger. She is from Idaho. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to San Francisco. Ernestine Waters is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Beverly Hermiston is a domestic passenger. She is from Connecticut. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas/Fort Worth and headed to Oakland. She is traveling on a vacation. She has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Zechariah Kassulke is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to Orlando. Zechariah Kassulke is flying on Frontier. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Vidal Powlowski is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. He has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Tyrique Gerlach is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Martinique. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Manila on Philippine Airlines. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Daphne MacGyver is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is leaving from LAX to go to Boston. She is traveling for business.

Mariano Adams MD is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Guadeloupe. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Hong Kong on Cathay Pacific.

Edwin Kuphal V is a domestic passenger. She is from New Jersey. She is arriving from St. Louis. She is anxious. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Adelbert Luettgen is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Afghanistan. Arriving from Sydney on Qantas. Going to Seoul–Incheon on Asiana Airlines. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Mrs. Zack Wolff is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Singapore. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Manila on Philippine Airlines. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Juana Stehr is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Newark. Juana Stehr is flying on Delta. Juana Stehr is traveling for business. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jayson Tremblay is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is leaving from LAX to go to Houston. Jayson Tremblay is traveling for business.

Ashtyn Ledner is a domestic passenger. She is from Oregon. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to Milwaukee. Ashtyn Ledner is flying on American Airlines. She is traveling to visit family. She is angry. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Beth Stokes is a domestic passenger. She is from California. She is arriving from Indianapolis. Beth Stokes is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Milton Rowe is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Jordan. Arriving from Paris–Charles de Gaulle on XL Airways France. Going to Paris–Charles de Gaulle. He has an incredibly long layover of 12 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Ignatius Christiansen is a domestic passenger. He is from New Jersey. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. He is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. He begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Magnus Hermiston is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is leaving from LAX to go to New York City. Magnus Hermiston is traveling on top-secret business. He is angry.

Edd Bruen is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is arriving from Pittsburgh. Edd Bruen is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Maurine Gutkowski is a domestic passenger. He is from Delaware. He is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to New York City. Maurine Gutkowski is traveling for business. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 32 minutes.

Carmelo Hoppe is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is leaving from LAX to go to New Orleans. He is traveling for business.

Eva Collier is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. Eva Collier is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling to visit family. He is delirious. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Milo Strosin is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Oakland. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Meggie Murphy is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Macao. Arriving from Changsha, Chengdu on Hainan Airlines. Going to Changsha, Chengdu. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 46 minutes.

Mr. Stephan VonRueden is a domestic passenger. She is from New Mexico. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to Houston. Mr. Stephan VonRueden is flying on American Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 40 minutes.

Woodrow Towne is a domestic passenger. She is from Rhode Island. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Chicago–Midway. She is delirious. She has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Delia Bashirian is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is leaving from LAX to go to Denver. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is excited.

Nikita Macejkovic is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to St. Louis. She is traveling on a vacation. She has an incredibly long layover of 37 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Zena Braun is a domestic passenger. She is from California. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Denver and headed to Sacramento. She is tired. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Raegan Cassin is a domestic passenger. He is from Alabama. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Salt Lake City. Raegan Cassin is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Lucas Mann is a domestic passenger. She is from Colorado. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Pittsburgh. Lucas Mann is flying on American Eagle. Lucas Mann is traveling to visit family. She has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Dr. Keanu Hagenes is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Nashville. Dr. Keanu Hagenes is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is sad. She has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Ellen Walsh is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Algeria. Arriving from Doha on Qatar Airways. Going to Doha. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Miss Ewell Donnelly is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Nashville and headed to Austin. Miss Ewell Donnelly is flying on Delta. She is delirious. She has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Rosina Hermiston is a domestic passenger. He is from Mississippi. He is leaving from LAX to go to Houston.

Novella Effertz Jr. is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Comoros. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Rarotonga on Air New Zealand.

Abby Pacocha is a domestic passenger. He is from New Hampshire. He is leaving from LAX to go to Baltimore.

Easter Powlowski PhD is a domestic passenger. They is from Delaware. They is arriving from Atlanta. Easter Powlowski PhD is traveling for business. They are overworked. They are is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Reinhold Lueilwitz IV is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is leaving from LAX to go to Kansas City. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited.

Arjun Pollich is a domestic passenger. She is from Colorado. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to San Francisco. Arjun Pollich is flying on American Airlines. Arjun Pollich is traveling for business. She is tired. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Shanna Koss is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Zambia. Arriving from Seoul–Incheon on Asiana Airlines. Going to Seoul–Incheon. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has an incredibly long layover of 39 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Juwan Schmitt is a domestic passenger. She is from Colorado. She is arriving from Detroit. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is ecstatic. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Miss Abbie Borer is a domestic passenger. He is from North Dakota. He is arriving from Philadelphia. He is nervous. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Juliet Carter IV is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Italy. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Ixtapa/Zihuatanejo on Delta Air Lines. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Macey Pfannerstill is an international passenger. He is a citizen of El Salvador. Arriving from Fort Lauderdale on JetBlue Airways. Going to Boston. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 58 minutes.

Catalina Stanton is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Nepal. Arriving from Manchester (UK) on Thomas Cook Airlines. Going to Stockholm–Arlanda on Scandinavian Airlines. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Amiya Stokes is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is leaving from LAX to go to Indianapolis. She is traveling for business. She is nervous.

Waldo Towne is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Saint Barthelemy. He is leaving from LAX to travel to San Francisco on Delta Shuttle.

Abner Stehr V is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Orlando. Abner Stehr V is flying on American Airlines. She is traveling to attend a funeral. She is sad. She has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. She begins laughing at the thought of being here that long.

Palma Schuppe is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Tunisia. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Paris–Charles de Gaulle on Air France. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Lydia Miller DDS is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is arriving from Milwaukee. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Benjamin Kohler is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Cleveland. Benjamin Kohler is traveling on top-secret business. She is angry. She has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Moriah Rodriguez is a domestic passenger. She is from Wyoming. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to Austin. Moriah Rodriguez is flying on Delta. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is sad. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Flo Kertzmann is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Romania. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Shanghai–Pudong on China Eastern Airlines. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Cleveland Lynch is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Reunion. Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Minneapolis/St. Paul on Sun Country Airlines. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Werner Swift is a domestic passenger. He is from South Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Las Vegas. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 51 minutes.

Randy Swift is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Tucson. Randy Swift is traveling on top-secret business. She has an incredibly long layover of 30 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Willa Runte is a domestic passenger. She is from Utah. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas–Love and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. Willa Runte is flying on Delta. Willa Runte is traveling to visit family. She is delirious. She has an incredibly long layover of 29 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Cleora Streich is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is arriving from Pittsburgh. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is angry. He is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Tiffany Heidenreich is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Atlanta and headed to Seattle. Tiffany Heidenreich is traveling for business. She has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Issac Emmerich is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Ireland. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Barcelona on Level. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport. Their ride is late.

Felipa Mann is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is leaving from LAX to go to Phoenix. Felipa Mann is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous.

Jana Bednar is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is arriving from Albuquerque. Jana Bednar is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He is is going to take a city bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Mellie Koch is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Bulgaria. Arriving from Brisbane on Qantas. Going to Sydney. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Aimee Baumbach is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is leaving from LAX to go to Houston. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is angry.

Rosella Glover is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to San Diego. Rosella Glover is flying on Virgin America. She is traveling to visit family. She is sad. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Elsie Schmitt is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is leaving from LAX to go to San Francisco. Elsie Schmitt is traveling on a pilgrimage.

Nolan Nikolaus is a domestic passenger. She is from Tennessee. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Philadelphia and headed to Indianapolis. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is angry. She has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Lambert Murray is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is leaving from LAX to go to Seattle/Tacoma. She is delirious.

Dr. Winfield VonRueden is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Slovakia (Slovak Republic). Arriving from Paris–Charles de Gaulle on XL Airways France. Going to Paris–Charles de Gaulle. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Sierra Tromp is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Lesotho. Arriving from Lima on LATAM Perú. Going to Lima. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Kristy Ondricka is a domestic passenger. He is from Tennessee. He is leaving from LAX to go to Oakland.

Brannon Kozey is a domestic passenger. She is from South Carolina. She is arriving from Detroit. Brannon Kozey is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Dr. Russ Veum is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Madagascar. Arriving from Hong Kong on Hong Kong Airlines. Going to Hong Kong. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 30 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ms. Eve Rolfson is a domestic passenger. He is from Idaho. He is arriving from Orlando. He is traveling on a vacation. He is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Herbert Hudson DDS is a domestic passenger. She is from Tennessee. She is leaving from LAX to go to Orlando. She is excited.

Miss Amari Streich is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is arriving from Kansas City. He is delirious. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Irwin Harvey is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Antarctica (the territory South of 60 deg S). He is leaving from LAX to travel to Reykjavík–Keflavík on WOW air. He is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Beryl Schmidt is a domestic passenger. She is from New Jersey. She is leaving from LAX to go to Albuquerque. She is traveling for business. She is nervous.

Mr. Edmund Stanton is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is leaving from LAX to go to Detroit.

Jonathon Fisher is a domestic passenger. She is from South Carolina. She is arriving from Seattle. Jonathon Fisher is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Zion Goyette II is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Lithuania. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on Japan Airlines. Going to Osaka–Kansai. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. He begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Leda Goyette is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas/Fort Worth and headed to Cleveland. Leda Goyette is flying on Allegiant Air. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Hattie Ortiz V is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Barbados. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on All Nippon Airways. Going to Tokyo–Narita. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Rosella Zieme is a domestic passenger. He is from Delaware. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to Washington–Dulles. Rosella Zieme is flying on American Airlines. Rosella Zieme is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. He begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Percival Bahringer PhD is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is arriving from Dallas–Love. She is traveling to visit family. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Cathy Boyle is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is leaving from LAX to go to New York City. He is overworked.

Vernie Grant is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Sri Lanka. Arriving from Manila on Philippine Airlines. Going to Manila. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. She begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Hallie Kemmer is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Saint Lucia. Arriving from Orlando on JetBlue Airways. Going to New York City. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Merlin Stanton is a domestic passenger. He is from Oklahoma. He is leaving from LAX to go to Honolulu. Merlin Stanton is traveling on top-secret business. He is sad.

Lou Berge is a domestic passenger. He is from Montana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. Lou Berge is flying on Delta. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is sad. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Mrs. Carmella Jast is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Palau. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Warsaw–Chopin on LOT Polish Airlines.

Ms. Billie Little is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Northern Mariana Islands. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Portland, Oregon on Delta Connection. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Cheyenne Kovacek is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Peru. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Hong Kong on Cathay Pacific. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Sylvan Howe is a domestic passenger. He is from Wisconsin. He is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Indianapolis. Sylvan Howe is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Nicklaus Ward is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is arriving from Philadelphia. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is angry. He is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Edwina Balistreri is an international passenger. She is a citizen of United Kingdom. She is leaving from LAX to travel to San Antonio on American Eagle. She is is going to take a taxi from the airport. Their ride is late.

Yasmin Lueilwitz Jr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Ohio. She is arriving from Chicago–O'Hare. She is nervous. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Annamae Romaguera is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is leaving from LAX to go to Cleveland. Annamae Romaguera is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is excited.

Lavon Hansen is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Kyrgyz Republic. Arriving from Barcelona on Level. Going to Barcelona. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 46 minutes.

Morris Lind is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. She is traveling on top-secret business. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Savannah Jenkins Jr. is a domestic passenger. They is from Colorado. They is leaving from LAX to go to Orlando. Savannah Jenkins Jr. is traveling to visit family.

Rod Lind MD is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Nauru. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Mazatlán on Alaska Airlines. He is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Terrill Kovacek is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Christmas Island. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Manila on Philippine Airlines.

Chadd Bins is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Las Vegas and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Chadd Bins is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Santina Schinner V is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Palestinian Territory. Arriving from Manchester (UK) on Thomas Cook Airlines. Going to Manchester (UK). She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Miss Laurence Miller is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Togo. Arriving from Osaka–Kansai on Japan Airlines. Going to Osaka–Kansai. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Margarita Kling is a domestic passenger. She is from North Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Minneapolis/St. Paul and headed to Chicago–Midway. She is anxious. She has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Della Leffler is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Svalbard & Jan Mayen Islands. Arriving from Prescott on Great Lakes Airlines. Going to Billings on Allegiant Air. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ms. Monserrate Pollich is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Salt Lake City. Ms. Monserrate Pollich is flying on United Airlines. She is sad. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Jayden Schumm is a domestic passenger. She is from Michigan. She is leaving from LAX to go to Las Vegas. She is traveling on a vacation.

Cecil Walker is a domestic passenger. She is from Delaware. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. Cecil Walker is flying on American Airlines. She is tired. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 37 minutes.

Cyril Ratke Jr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Rhode Island. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Denver. He is angry. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 42 minutes.

Dimitri Kovacek III is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Gibraltar. Arriving from Inyokern on Boutique Air. Going to Inyokern. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mr. Imelda Feest is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Heard Island and McDonald Islands. Arriving from San Diego on United Airlines. Going to Hilo. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Alfredo Schroeder is a domestic passenger. He is from New York. He is leaving from LAX to go to San Antonio. He is ecstatic.

Nia Hettinger is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to Washington–Dulles. Nia Hettinger is traveling to visit family. She is angry. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Raina Ward is a domestic passenger. He is from Ohio. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to Milwaukee. He has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Aliya Doyle is a domestic passenger. She is from Alabama. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to Milwaukee. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Zelda Champlin is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to Indianapolis. She is traveling for business. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Tyra Bayer is a domestic passenger. He is from South Carolina. He is arriving from Dallas/Fort Worth. He is anxious. He is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Mrs. Kathryne Medhurst is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Guernsey. Arriving from Austin on American Eagle. Going to Vancouver. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Owen Franecki DDS is a domestic passenger. She is from Illinois. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Honolulu. Owen Franecki DDS is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is ecstatic. She has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Morton Douglas III is a domestic passenger. She is from Ohio. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. Morton Douglas III is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Diana Hodkiewicz I is a domestic passenger. They is from Nebraska. They is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Tucson. Diana Hodkiewicz I is flying on Frontier. They are traveling on a pilgrimage. They are anxious. They have a nice layover of 3 hours.

Dr. Vallie Pfeffer is a domestic passenger. He is from Montana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington–Dulles and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. Dr. Vallie Pfeffer is flying on Southwest Airlines. He has a nice layover of 6 hours.

Fausto Marks MD is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Milwaukee. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Jodie Donnelly is a domestic passenger. He is from California. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Fort Lauderdale. Jodie Donnelly is flying on Southwest Airlines. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Ahmad Kilback is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to San Antonio. Ahmad Kilback is flying on Frontier. She is traveling to visit family. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mitchel Gaylord is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Nashville and headed to Austin. Mitchel Gaylord is traveling on a pilgrimage. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. He begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Mr. Josephine Thiel is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Burkina Faso. Arriving from Amsterdam on KLM. Going to Amsterdam. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has a boring layover of 3 hours.

Katlyn Hauck is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to San Antonio. Katlyn Hauck is flying on Delta. Katlyn Hauck is traveling for business. She is tired. She has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Nia Strosin is a domestic passenger. He is from Massachusetts. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to San Antonio. Nia Strosin is flying on Alaska Airlines. He is traveling on top-secret business. He has a nice layover of 5 hours.

Elijah Labadie is a domestic passenger. She is from South Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to Washington–Dulles. Elijah Labadie is flying on United Airlines. She is anxious. She has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Brendan Stroman is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to Fort Lauderdale. Brendan Stroman is flying on Virgin America. Brendan Stroman is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is ecstatic. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Oleta Pfeffer is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is arriving from Milwaukee. He is traveling for business. He is overworked. He is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Orland Cruickshank is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Portland, Oregon. Orland Cruickshank is flying on Allegiant Air. Orland Cruickshank is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is ecstatic. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Dr. Lorenz Kertzmann is a domestic passenger. He is from Massachusetts. He is arriving from Baltimore. Dr. Lorenz Kertzmann is traveling for business. He is nervous. He is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Mrs. Brigitte Christiansen is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Ecuador. Arriving from Guadalajara on Volaris. Going to Queretaro. He has an incredibly long layover of 29 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Larry Lubowitz is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is arriving from Salt Lake City. He is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Rahul Ondricka is a domestic passenger. He is from New York. He is arriving from Honolulu. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Graciela Heathcote is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Cote d'Ivoire. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on All Nippon Airways. Going to Tokyo–Haneda. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has a convenient layover of 5 hours.

Dawson Kovacek II is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Equatorial Guinea. Arriving from Istanbul–Atatürk on Turkish Airlines. Going to Istanbul–Atatürk. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Bria Bechtelar is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Indonesia. Arriving from Vienna on Austrian Airlines. Going to Vienna. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Miss Isabelle Ziemann is a domestic passenger. She is from Texas. She is arriving from St. Louis. She is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Heber Schuster I is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Somalia. Arriving from Chicago–O'Hare on Virgin America. Going to Newark. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Esmeralda Moore is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Albuquerque. Esmeralda Moore is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is traveling to visit family. She is ecstatic. She has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jerel Schiller is a domestic passenger. He is from Wisconsin. He is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Washington–Dulles. Jerel Schiller is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mrs. Nelda Wisozk is a domestic passenger. She is from Colorado. She is leaving from LAX to go to Phoenix. Mrs. Nelda Wisozk is traveling on top-secret business. She is angry.

Leonard Stiedemann is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Guyana. Arriving from Santiago de Chile on LATAM Chile. Going to Santiago de Chile. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has an incredibly long layover of 20 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Maurine Eichmann is an international passenger. She is a citizen of American Samoa. Arriving from Taipei–Taoyuan on China Airlines. Going to London on Norwegian Air Shuttle. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has a convenient layover of 6 hours.

Braulio Ward is a domestic passenger. He is from South Carolina. He is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas/Fort Worth. Braulio Ward is traveling to visit family. He is sad.

Yadira Wilkinson is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Northern Mariana Islands. Arriving from Frankfurt on Lufthansa. Going to Frankfurt. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Kayden Spencer is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Liechtenstein. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on All Nippon Airways. Going to Tokyo–Narita. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Aliza Mann is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to Philadelphia. Aliza Mann is flying on Alaska Airlines. He is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Jolie Bashirian is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is arriving from Kansas City. He is overworked. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Dr. Wellington Veum is a domestic passenger. He is from Wisconsin. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Houston. Dr. Wellington Veum is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling to attend a funeral. He has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Kelton Roob MD is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is leaving from LAX to go to Boston. Kelton Roob MD is traveling on a vacation. He is excited.

Mr. Mohammad Volkman is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to Las Vegas. Mr. Mohammad Volkman is flying on JetBlue. He is overworked. He has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Nina Nitzsche is a domestic passenger. She is from New York. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to Orlando. Nina Nitzsche is traveling on a vacation. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Alverta Yost I is a domestic passenger. She is from Alabama. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Denver. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is ecstatic. She has an incredibly long layover of 24 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Brenda Tillman is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Barbados. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Paris–Charles de Gaulle on Air France.

Delpha Kilback is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Faroe Islands. Arriving from Munich on Lufthansa. Going to Munich. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Keegan Quitzon is a domestic passenger. She is from South Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Seattle. Keegan Quitzon is flying on JetBlue. She is ecstatic. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Astrid Blick V is a domestic passenger. He is from Maryland. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Newark. He has an incredibly long layover of 29 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Samantha Olson Sr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Atlanta. Samantha Olson Sr. is traveling to visit family. He is anxious. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Doug Terry Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is arriving from Baltimore. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport. Their ride is late.

Nayeli Berge is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is arriving from Phoenix. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Mckenna Okuneva is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Saint Pierre and Miquelon. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Guadalajara on Aeroméxico. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Pietro Harris is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is arriving from Las Vegas. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is excited. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Edna Grant is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is arriving from Nashville. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is angry. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport. Their ride is late.

Russell Parisian is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Indianapolis. Russell Parisian is flying on Frontier. She has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Darion Rogahn is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to Washington–Dulles. Darion Rogahn is flying on Delta. He is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 49 minutes.

Stephen Kris IV is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Micronesia. Arriving from Addis Ababa on Ethiopian Airlines. Going to Barcelona on Level. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Tiara Moen is a domestic passenger. They is from North Dakota. They is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to San Antonio. Tiara Moen is flying on Allegiant Air. Tiara Moen is traveling to visit family. They are nervous. They have an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. They begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Darrion Littel is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Minneapolis/St. Paul and headed to Detroit. Darrion Littel is traveling on top-secret business. She is delirious. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Garett Schuppe is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Houston. Garett Schuppe is flying on Frontier. Garett Schuppe is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is excited. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dr. Jeanie Pouros is a domestic passenger. He is from Illinois. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to Sacramento. He is traveling to visit family. He is delirious. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Robyn Ward is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–O'Hare. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is angry.

Miss Dixie O'Conner is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is leaving from LAX to go to Albuquerque.

Franco Gerhold is a domestic passenger. He is from Pennsylvania. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Fort Lauderdale. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He has an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Haskell Bechtelar is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Macao. Arriving from Hong Kong on Hong Kong Airlines. Going to Hong Kong. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 54 minutes.

Dr. Damien McDermott is a domestic passenger. She is from Vermont. She is connecting through LAX, coming from New Orleans and headed to Tucson. Dr. Damien McDermott is traveling to visit family. She is ecstatic. She has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Josiah Thompson I is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is arriving from Reno/Tahoe. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Elizabeth Bogisich is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Portland, Oregon and headed to Kansas City. Elizabeth Bogisich is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is sad. She has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Leopold Schaden MD is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is arriving from Reno/Tahoe. He is excited. He is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Christelle Rodriguez is a domestic passenger. He is from New Hampshire. He is arriving from Seattle/Tacoma. He is angry. He is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Ena Yundt Sr. is an international passenger. He is a citizen of United States of America. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Hong Kong on Hong Kong Airlines.

Miss Ward Effertz is a domestic passenger. She is from New Mexico. She is leaving from LAX to go to Albuquerque. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is anxious.

Dannie Reinger is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is leaving from LAX to go to Philadelphia. Dannie Reinger is traveling on a vacation.

Jeromy Kris is a domestic passenger. He is from Delaware. He is arriving from Fort Lauderdale. Jeromy Kris is traveling on a vacation. He is is going to take a city bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Rhoda Beier is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Baltimore. Rhoda Beier is flying on Frontier. She is traveling for business. She is tired. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Delbert Lebsack is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Jordan. Arriving from Seoul–Incheon on Korean Air. Going to Seoul–Incheon. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Luella Conroy Sr. is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Jersey. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Seattle/Tacoma on Alaska Airlines.

Jordy Grimes is a domestic passenger. She is from Connecticut. She is arriving from Atlanta. She is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Mrs. Rollin Wilkinson is a domestic passenger. He is from Illinois. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Honolulu. Mrs. Rollin Wilkinson is flying on JetBlue. Mrs. Rollin Wilkinson is traveling to visit family. He has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Letitia Nader is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Montserrat. Arriving from Taipei–Taoyuan on China Airlines. Going to Taipei–Taoyuan. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Tatyana Simonis is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cambodia. Arriving from Warsaw–Chopin on LOT Polish Airlines. Going to Warsaw–Chopin. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Janet Rolfson I is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is arriving from Seattle. Janet Rolfson I is traveling on a vacation. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Antwan Rice III is a domestic passenger. She is from Michigan. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Jose, California and headed to Dallas. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is excited. She has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Mrs. Assunta Waters is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is arriving from San Francisco. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Roberto Mohr is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cape Verde. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Addis Ababa on Ethiopian Airlines.

Dixie Koelpin is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–Midway. He is traveling for business. He is tired.

Ladarius Huel is a domestic passenger. She is from Colorado. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to Oakland. Ladarius Huel is flying on Allegiant Air. Ladarius Huel is traveling on a vacation. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Kattie Heller Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Mississippi. She is arriving from Reno/Tahoe. She is sad. She is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Gilbert Torp is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to San Jose, California. Gilbert Torp is flying on United Airlines. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jalen Roob I is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Egypt. Arriving from Dubai–International on Emirates. Going to Dubai–International. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 40 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Gilda Kassulke is a domestic passenger. She is from California. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to Fort Lauderdale. Gilda Kassulke is flying on JetBlue. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 37 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Eulalia Cassin is a domestic passenger. He is from Michigan. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to Milwaukee. Eulalia Cassin is flying on American Airlines. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Jerad Pouros is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is arriving from Dallas. He is anxious. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Michele Walker is a domestic passenger. They is from Kentucky. They is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Phoenix. Michele Walker is flying on American Airlines. They have an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Alta Koch is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is arriving from Denver. She is sad. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Emmitt Reichel is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Orlando. Emmitt Reichel is flying on Virgin America. He is traveling to visit family. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dejon Satterfield is a domestic passenger. She is from South Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Atlanta and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Dejon Satterfield is flying on American Eagle. She is anxious. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Carmine Murray is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Nashville. Carmine Murray is flying on American Eagle. Carmine Murray is traveling on top-secret business. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Noemi Rodriguez is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is arriving from Orlando. She is sad. She is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Ms. Marcellus McCullough is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Tajikistan. Arriving from Madrid on Iberia. Going to Madrid. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has an incredibly long layover of 24 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Sylvan Hoppe is a domestic passenger. She is from Delaware. She is leaving from LAX to go to Denver. Sylvan Hoppe is traveling to visit family. She is angry.

Robert Krajcik Jr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Idaho. He is leaving from LAX to go to Pittsburgh. He is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned.

Charlie Nienow is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to New Orleans. Charlie Nienow is flying on Southwest Airlines. Charlie Nienow is traveling for business. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Miss Marge Beier is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Wallis and Futuna. Arriving from Papeete on Air France. Going to Paris–Charles de Gaulle. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Vergie Gleason is an international passenger. She is a citizen of United States of America. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Seoul–Incheon on Singapore Airlines. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Kallie Schmeler is a domestic passenger. She is from Kentucky. She is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to Dallas. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 20 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Sydni Legros is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is arriving from Phoenix. She is traveling for business. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Taylor Turner is a domestic passenger. He is from Idaho. He is leaving from LAX to go to Milwaukee. Taylor Turner is traveling on a pilgrimage.

Bud Beatty II is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Finland. Arriving from Zürich on Swiss International Air Lines. Going to Zürich. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Chet Kuhic PhD is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington–Dulles and headed to Sacramento. Chet Kuhic PhD is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She has a boring layover of 6 hours.

Theodore Schumm is a domestic passenger. He is from Kansas. He is leaving from LAX to go to Cleveland. He is anxious.

Reyna Gutkowski is a domestic passenger. She is from New Mexico. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to San Francisco. Reyna Gutkowski is flying on Delta. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Murphy Von is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is leaving from LAX to go to Sacramento.

Ms. Arvilla Gislason is a domestic passenger. He is from Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Larissa Champlin is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Saint Kitts and Nevis. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Abu Dhabi on Etihad Airways. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Madaline Deckow is a domestic passenger. He is from West Virginia. He is leaving from LAX to go to El Paso. Madaline Deckow is traveling for business. He is tired.

Vita Ratke is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Switzerland. Arriving from Dubai–International on Emirates. Going to Brisbane on Virgin Australia. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Jaime Robel is a domestic passenger. She is from Vermont. She is leaving from LAX to go to Minneapolis/St. Paul. She is nervous.

Floy Parisian is a domestic passenger. He is from Alabama. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Portland, Oregon. Floy Parisian is flying on Southwest Airlines. He is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Caden Rosenbaum DDS is a domestic passenger. They is from South Carolina. They is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–O'Hare. They are tired.

Leann Romaguera III is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is arriving from Chicago–Midway. He is anxious. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport. Their ride is late.

Albertha Flatley is a domestic passenger. He is from Minnesota. He is leaving from LAX to go to Newark. He is overworked.

Troy Doyle is an international passenger. He is a citizen of France. Arriving from Hong Kong on Cathay Pacific. Going to Hong Kong. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has a nice layover of 6 hours.

Tierra Metz is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas. Tierra Metz is traveling to attend a funeral.

Lavon Pfannerstill is a domestic passenger. She is from Illinois. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. She is traveling to visit family. She is sad. She has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. She begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Mr. Pauline Lang is a domestic passenger. He is from Mississippi. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Chicago–Midway. Mr. Pauline Lang is flying on Spirit Airlines. Mr. Pauline Lang is traveling for business. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 40 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Richard Haag is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Finland. Arriving from Moscow–Sheremetyevo on Aeroflot. Going to Moscow–Sheremetyevo. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Ewell Beatty is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas/Fort Worth and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Ewell Beatty is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Kayli Cartwright is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is leaving from LAX to go to San Diego. Kayli Cartwright is traveling for business. He is tired.

Elaina Yundt is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. Elaina Yundt is flying on Alaska Airlines. He is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Emil Wolff is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to San Diego. Emil Wolff is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Devyn Conroy is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Mauritania. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Oaxaca on Volaris.

Kaylee Auer is a domestic passenger. He is from North Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Minneapolis/St. Paul and headed to Fort Lauderdale. Kaylee Auer is flying on Frontier. He is traveling to visit family. He has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Elaina White is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Philadelphia. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Winifred Lind is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Sudan. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Guangzhou on China Southern Airlines.

Isaias Maggio Sr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Pittsburgh. Isaias Maggio Sr. is flying on United Airlines. He is sad. He has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Sven Lebsack is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Bhutan. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Taipei–Taoyuan on EVA Air. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport. Their ride is late.

Geo Erdman Sr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is arriving from New York City. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport. Their ride is late.

Gonzalo Lemke DVM is a domestic passenger. He is from Ohio. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to Albuquerque. Gonzalo Lemke DVM is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Miss Vinnie Fahey is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is arriving from Denver. Miss Vinnie Fahey is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Justyn Klocko is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Justyn Klocko is flying on Southwest Airlines. Justyn Klocko is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Carmel Robel Sr. is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Faroe Islands. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Seoul–Incheon on Korean Air.

Estrella Waters is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to Milwaukee. Estrella Waters is flying on Allegiant Air. Estrella Waters is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Miss Nedra Walker is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Iceland. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Orlando on JetBlue Airways. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Beau Muller is a domestic passenger. He is from Tennessee. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Las Vegas. Beau Muller is flying on American Airlines. He is delirious. He has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Gus Haley is a domestic passenger. He is from Kentucky. He is leaving from LAX to go to Omaha. He is traveling to attend a funeral. He is sad.

Kole Friesen is a domestic passenger. She is from New Mexico. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to Las Vegas. She is overworked. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Lilliana O'Reilly IV is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Puerto Rico. Arriving from Hong Kong on Hong Kong Airlines. Going to Hong Kong. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kenna Ullrich is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Ghana. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Medford on Alaska Airlines. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Xzavier Considine is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to St. Louis. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Efren Heller is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. Efren Heller is flying on Frontier. Efren Heller is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has a convenient layover of 5 hours.

Dr. Hipolito Gorczany is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Dominican Republic. Arriving from Monterrey on Aeroméxico Connect. Going to León/Del Bajío. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Bonnie Wunsch DVM is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Nauru. Arriving from Dublin on Ethiopian Airlines. Going to Addis Ababa. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Lisandro Smitham is a domestic passenger. She is from Delaware. She is leaving from LAX to go to Minneapolis/St. Paul. She is traveling to visit family.

Maci Zieme is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is leaving from LAX to go to San Antonio. He is tired.

Arvid Lowe is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is arriving from Chicago–O'Hare. Arvid Lowe is traveling for business. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Casandra Johns is a domestic passenger. He is from Colorado. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Washington–Dulles. Casandra Johns is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is excited. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 56 minutes.

Viva Mayer is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bulgaria. Arriving from Mazatlán on Alaska Airlines. Going to Portland, Oregon. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 24 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Kristofer Ankunding is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Atlanta. Kristofer Ankunding is flying on Frontier. He is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has a convenient layover of 6 hours.

Jaylen Lynch is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Philadelphia and headed to Orlando. He is traveling for business. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Time to get some sleep?

William Zulauf is a domestic passenger. She is from New York. She is arriving from Dallas/Fort Worth. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Kameron Hyatt is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is sad. He has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ernestine Greenholt Jr. is an international passenger. They is a citizen of Eritrea. Arriving from Seoul–Incheon on Asiana Airlines. Going to Manchester (UK) on Thomas Cook Airlines. They have to wait for a bus between terminals. They have an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kayleigh Brekke V is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to San Antonio. She is overworked. She has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Randall Pfeffer is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Greenland. Arriving from Portland, Oregon on Delta Air Lines. Going to Washington DC. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Marie Feest is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas/Fort Worth and headed to Omaha. Dr. Marie Feest is traveling to visit family. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Camden Hamill MD is a domestic passenger. He is from Virginia. He is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas. He is tired.

Adriana Bartoletti is a domestic passenger. She is from Illinois. She is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–O'Hare. She is ecstatic.

Olin Marvin is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is arriving from St. Louis. He is traveling to visit family. He is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Velma Wuckert III is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Netherlands. Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Pansy Hintz Jr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Oakland. Pansy Hintz Jr. is flying on Southwest Airlines. Pansy Hintz Jr. is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Zella Schamberger is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is connecting through LAX, coming from New Orleans and headed to Salt Lake City. She is sad. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Stella Monahan is a domestic passenger. He is from West Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to Dallas–Love. Stella Monahan is flying on Delta. Stella Monahan is traveling to visit family. He is delirious. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Ivah Bruen is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Ivah Bruen is flying on United Airlines. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 31 minutes.

Soledad Olson is a domestic passenger. He is from New York. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Tucson. Soledad Olson is flying on American Eagle. Soledad Olson is traveling to visit family. He is excited. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Lessie Schultz is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is arriving from Newark. Lessie Schultz is traveling to visit family. She is sad. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Ms. Evert Hintz is a domestic passenger. He is from Colorado. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Detroit. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dan Bartoletti is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Baltimore. Dan Bartoletti is flying on Allegiant Air. Dan Bartoletti is traveling to visit family. She is anxious. She has a convenient layover of 5 hours.

Dr. Marcelina Altenwerth is a domestic passenger. She is from New Hampshire. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Baltimore. Dr. Marcelina Altenwerth is flying on Alaska Airlines. She is anxious. She has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kevon Berge is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Qatar. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Tokyo–Narita on All Nippon Airways.

Fatima Goyette is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Slovakia (Slovak Republic). Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Thomas Lebsack is a domestic passenger. He is from Ohio. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Sacramento. Thomas Lebsack is flying on United Airlines. Thomas Lebsack is traveling to attend a funeral. He is sad. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Ms. Linda Witting is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Dominica. Arriving from Puerto Vallarta on United Airlines. Going to Hong Kong on American Airlines. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Shane Wiza is a domestic passenger. She is from Ohio. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Indianapolis. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 38 hours. She begins laughing at the thought of being here that long.

Rita Connelly DDS is a domestic passenger. He is from Arizona. He is leaving from LAX to go to Seattle. He is traveling to visit family. He is sad.

Karine Kunde is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to San Francisco. Karine Kunde is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Jovani Hintz is a domestic passenger. He is from Tennessee. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. Jovani Hintz is flying on Frontier. He is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Felipa Moen is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is arriving from Philadelphia. Felipa Moen is traveling on a vacation. He is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Rubie Graham is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is leaving from LAX to go to Fort Lauderdale. She is traveling for business. She is overworked.

Mr. Minerva Pacocha is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Fort Lauderdale. He is nervous. He has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Era Weimann is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Austria. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Stockholm–Arlanda on Scandinavian Airlines.

Lee Schulist is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Demario Gislason is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bangladesh. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Seattle/Tacoma on Delta Shuttle.

Miss Virgie Bernier is a domestic passenger. She is from Oregon. She is arriving from Oakland. She is sad. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Ms. Matt Watsica is an international passenger. He is a citizen of United Kingdom. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Osaka–Kansai on Japan Airlines. He is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Jaquan Feest is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is leaving from LAX to go to Seattle/Tacoma. She is traveling on a vacation. She is tired.

Kacie Reichert is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Mongolia. Arriving from Vienna on Austrian Airlines. Going to Vienna. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Newton Koelpin is a domestic passenger. She is from Vermont. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Seattle. Newton Koelpin is flying on Virgin America. Newton Koelpin is traveling on a pilgrimage. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Jevon Crona is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Australia. Arriving from Newark on United Airlines. Going to Melbourne. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Orville Daugherty is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Minneapolis/St. Paul and headed to Tucson. Orville Daugherty is flying on Delta. She is traveling for business. She is tired. She has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Lon Casper is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Paraguay. Arriving from Zürich on Swiss International Air Lines. Going to Zürich. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 24 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Luisa Fadel II is a domestic passenger. She is from Illinois. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to San Francisco. Luisa Fadel II is traveling to visit family. She is anxious. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Emmalee Rohan is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Denver and headed to Boston. Emmalee Rohan is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Pierre Pfannerstill is a domestic passenger. She is from Connecticut. She is arriving from Dallas/Fort Worth. She is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Rachael Willms is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. Rachael Willms is flying on American Eagle. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 40 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Onie Braun is a domestic passenger. He is from Maine. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Nashville. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Madyson Klocko is an international passenger. He is a citizen of United States Minor Outlying Islands. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Brisbane on Qantas. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Otha Lakin is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Equatorial Guinea. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Houston–Intercontinental on American Eagle.

Janet Jerde is a domestic passenger. She is from Pennsylvania. She is arriving from Houston. She is nervous. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Jeromy Rutherford is a domestic passenger. He is from Vermont. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Omaha. Jeromy Rutherford is flying on American Airlines. Jeromy Rutherford is traveling on top-secret business. He is anxious. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Hoyt Morar is a domestic passenger. She is from West Virginia. She is arriving from Oakland. She is sad. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Olin Monahan is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to San Jose, California. Olin Monahan is flying on American Airlines. Olin Monahan is traveling to visit family. She is angry. She has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Russ Welch is a domestic passenger. He is from Kentucky. He is leaving from LAX to go to Newark. He is traveling for business.

Alysson Weber is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is arriving from Tucson. She is excited. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Gayle Quitzon is a domestic passenger. He is from Tennessee. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Cleveland. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is angry. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Ronaldo Graham is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Saint Pierre and Miquelon. Arriving from Munich on Lufthansa. Going to Frankfurt. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Frederik Pacocha is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Ukraine. Arriving from Manchester (UK) on Thomas Cook Airlines. Going to Manchester (UK). He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Shyanne Hoeger is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to New Orleans. Shyanne Hoeger is flying on American Airlines. He has an incredibly long layover of 29 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Don O'Keefe is a domestic passenger. He is from North Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to Reno/Tahoe. He is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Avis Kilback is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. Avis Kilback is flying on Virgin America. She is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Mrs. Elisabeth Brakus is a domestic passenger. She is from Utah. She is arriving from Milwaukee. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Olga Borer is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is leaving from LAX to go to New York City. He is tired.

Evalyn Barton is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to Detroit. Evalyn Barton is flying on Southwest Airlines. Evalyn Barton is traveling to visit family. She has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Marlen Trantow is a domestic passenger. She is from Utah. She is connecting through LAX, coming from New Orleans and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Marlen Trantow is flying on Virgin America. She is ecstatic. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 31 minutes.

Taurean Streich is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Seychelles. Arriving from Nadi on Fiji Airways. Going to Nadi. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Carolanne Schiller Sr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is arriving from Seattle/Tacoma. Carolanne Schiller Sr. is traveling on top-secret business. He is nervous. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Araceli Hartmann is a domestic passenger. He is from Illinois. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Portland, Oregon. Araceli Hartmann is flying on Virgin America. He is angry. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Estevan Thiel I is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is arriving from Washington DC. Estevan Thiel I is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Clemmie Predovic PhD is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Zimbabwe. Arriving from Kahului on Virgin America. Going to Las Vegas. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Braulio Hudson is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Saint Barthelemy. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Vancouver on WestJet.

Mathilde Schulist is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is arriving from Albuquerque. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Wava Jacobs is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is leaving from LAX to go to Las Vegas. He is traveling to attend a funeral. He is content.

Mrs. Reva Bruen is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to Nashville. Mrs. Reva Bruen is flying on American Eagle. She is traveling to visit family. She has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mrs. Jazlyn Kertzmann is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Uruguay. Arriving from Munich on Lufthansa. Going to Tokyo–Narita on All Nippon Airways. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. He begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Deonte Ritchie is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Tunisia. Arriving from Las Vegas on Virgin America. Going to Cancún. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Walker Thiel is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Andorra. Arriving from Seoul–Incheon on Singapore Airlines. Going to Seoul–Incheon. He has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Turner Kling is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Taiwan. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Zürich on Swiss International Air Lines.

Mr. Jaiden Crona is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Las Vegas and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. Mr. Jaiden Crona is flying on Spirit Airlines. Mr. Jaiden Crona is traveling for business. She is overworked. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Ms. Amanda Skiles is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is arriving from San Jose, California. Ms. Amanda Skiles is traveling to attend a funeral. He is sad. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Noble Hoeger is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Albuquerque. Noble Hoeger is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Obie Ratke is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Christmas Island. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Beijing–Capital on Air China. He is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Eliseo O'Connell is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–O'Hare. She is traveling for business. She is tired.

Wilhelmine Rodriguez is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Wilhelmine Rodriguez is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is angry. She has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Marley Howe is a domestic passenger. He is from Michigan. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Denver. Marley Howe is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He has a convenient layover of 5 hours.

Mr. Demond Parker is a domestic passenger. She is from Pennsylvania. She is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas/Fort Worth. Mr. Demond Parker is traveling on top-secret business. She is delirious.

Milton Franecki Jr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Arizona. She is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas/Fort Worth. Milton Franecki Jr. is traveling for business. She is nervous.

Lowell Jacobi I is an international passenger. He is a citizen of India. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Calgary on Air Canada.

Gina Jacobs is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Tucson. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Alexie Roob is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cook Islands. Arriving from Hong Kong on Cathay Pacific. Going to Hong Kong. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Greyson Koss is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to Austin. Greyson Koss is flying on Delta. Greyson Koss is traveling on a pilgrimage. She has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Destany Skiles is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to Baltimore. He is traveling to visit family. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Reese Bashirian is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Chad. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on Singapore Airlines. Going to Seoul–Incheon. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Regan Stark is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Indianapolis. Regan Stark is traveling to visit family. She is anxious. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Dr. Granville Gutmann is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Lao People's Democratic Republic. Arriving from Hong Kong on Cathay Pacific. Going to Hong Kong. She has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. She begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Lauretta Huels is a domestic passenger. She is from South Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to New Orleans. Lauretta Huels is flying on Delta. She is traveling to visit family. She is delirious. She has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. She begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Antonina Swaniawski is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Arriving from Beijing–Capital on Air China. Going to Beijing–Capital. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Miss Carolyn Wehner is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is leaving from LAX to go to Pittsburgh. Miss Carolyn Wehner is traveling on top-secret business. He is sad.

Ms. Jadon Bartoletti is a domestic passenger. She is from Vermont. She is arriving from Seattle/Tacoma. Ms. Jadon Bartoletti is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is excited. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Mavis Toy is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Mayotte. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Mexico City on Alaska Airlines. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Alana Herman is a domestic passenger. He is from Montana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Dallas. Alana Herman is flying on Virgin America. He is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Josiah Nader DDS is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Newark. Josiah Nader DDS is flying on American Airlines. She has a nice layover of 5 hours.

Carroll VonRueden is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is connecting through LAX, coming from New Orleans and headed to Austin. Carroll VonRueden is flying on Alaska Airlines. She is delirious. She has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Sylvan McDermott DDS is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Chad. Arriving from Reykjavík–Keflavík on WOW air. Going to Reykjavík–Keflavík. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Edmund Schaefer I is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Baltimore. Edmund Schaefer I is flying on Virgin America. She is traveling to visit family. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 26 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Hillard Bartell is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Somalia. Arriving from Lihue on Delta Air Lines. Going to Orlando. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Norwood Rippin V is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is arriving from St. Louis. He is angry. He is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Dr. Rosalia Wunsch is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is leaving from LAX to go to Houston–Intercontinental. Dr. Rosalia Wunsch is traveling on top-secret business. He is sad.

Jermaine Lebsack PhD is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bangladesh. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Salt Lake City on Alaska Airlines. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Mrs. Arianna Goyette is a domestic passenger. She is from South Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Detroit. Mrs. Arianna Goyette is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling for business. She is tired. She has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Jose Stracke is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Palestinian Territory. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Panama City on Copa Airlines. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Jess Pollich is a domestic passenger. She is from Mississippi. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Philadelphia and headed to Detroit. Jess Pollich is flying on Virgin America. Jess Pollich is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 26 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ottis Walter is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Dominica. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Lima on LATAM Perú. He is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Harry Stamm is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Uganda. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Sydney on Virgin Australia. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Mafalda Will is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is arriving from Cleveland. She is tired. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Montana Trantow I is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Norway. Arriving from Bogotá on Avianca. Going to London–Heathrow on Virgin Atlantic. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Lorenzo Pagac is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to Albuquerque. Lorenzo Pagac is flying on Virgin America. Lorenzo Pagac is traveling to attend a funeral. He is grief-stricken. He has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. He begins laughing at the thought of being here that long.

Mr. Clemens Towne is a domestic passenger. They is from New York. They is arriving from Albuquerque. They are traveling to visit family. They are ecstatic. They are is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Adelbert Erdman is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to Salt Lake City. Adelbert Erdman is flying on Delta. He is excited. He has an incredibly long layover of 24 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Timmy O'Keefe is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to St. Louis. He is traveling for business. He is nervous. He has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Demond Durgan is a domestic passenger. He is from Maryland. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to San Jose, California. He is anxious. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Aliza Conn IV is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is arriving from Sacramento. He is traveling to visit family. He is delirious. He is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Dr. Alysha Schinner is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is leaving from LAX to go to Sacramento. He is nervous.

Maryam Okuneva is a domestic passenger. He is from Minnesota. He is arriving from Austin. Maryam Okuneva is traveling to visit family. He is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Carlo Rutherford is a domestic passenger. He is from Ohio. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Atlanta and headed to Austin. Carlo Rutherford is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling to visit family. He is excited. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Tyson Flatley V is a domestic passenger. He is from Massachusetts. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to San Francisco. Tyson Flatley V is flying on Southwest Airlines. He is sad. He has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Bernhard Hettinger is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is leaving from LAX to go to Washington DC. He is ecstatic.

Ward Langworth is a domestic passenger. She is from California. She is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to San Jose, California. She is traveling on a vacation. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 30 minutes.

Sunny Nikolaus DVM is a domestic passenger. She is from Pennsylvania. She is leaving from LAX to go to St. Louis. She is tired.

Sandy Schultz DDS is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bahrain. He is leaving from LAX to travel to New York City on JetBlue Airways.

Trey Feil I is a domestic passenger. She is from Delaware. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Atlanta and headed to Washington–Dulles. Trey Feil I is flying on Virgin America. Trey Feil I is traveling to attend a funeral. She is grief-stricken. She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Raina Roob is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Micronesia. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Guatemala City on Avianca Costa Rica.

Mrs. Edyth Dibbert is a domestic passenger. He is from Alabama. He is arriving from Albuquerque. He is traveling to visit family. He is tired. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Rafael Morissette is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Liberia. Arriving from San Francisco on Delta Shuttle. Going to San Francisco. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Blake Ward is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Uganda. Arriving from Rome–Fiumicino on Alitalia. Going to Rome–Fiumicino. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ms. Mylene Fritsch is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Denver. Ms. Mylene Fritsch is flying on American Airlines. Ms. Mylene Fritsch is traveling on top-secret business. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 31 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Alivia Gislason III is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is arriving from Houston–Intercontinental. Alivia Gislason III is traveling to visit family. She is angry. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Glenna Sanford is a domestic passenger. They is from South Dakota. They is arriving from Detroit. Glenna Sanford is traveling on a vacation. They are sunburned. They are is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Denis Murphy is a domestic passenger. He is from Alabama. He is arriving from Nashville. He is ecstatic. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Terence Spinka PhD is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Boston. Terence Spinka PhD is flying on Allegiant Air. Terence Spinka PhD is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Candida Dibbert Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from New Mexico. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to Sacramento. She is traveling for business. She is overworked. She has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Ernest Stracke is a domestic passenger. He is from Alabama. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to Atlanta. He has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Curtis Gutkowski is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is arriving from Indianapolis. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Mr. Pamela Reynolds is a domestic passenger. She is from Illinois. She is arriving from San Diego. She is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Kian Bartell Jr. is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Samoa. Arriving from Guadalajara on VivaAerobus. Going to Guadalajara. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Micah Schmidt is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is arriving from Seattle/Tacoma. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Miss Marge Fahey is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Western Sahara. Arriving from Seoul–Incheon on Asiana Airlines. Going to Seoul–Incheon. He has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Johnathan Labadie is an international passenger. They is a citizen of Bulgaria. They is leaving from LAX to travel to Guangzhou on China Southern Airlines. They are is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Heloise Franecki is an international passenger. She is a citizen of British Indian Ocean Territory (Chagos Archipelago). She is leaving from LAX to travel to Guadalajara on VivaAerobus.

Rebekah Goldner is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Houston. Rebekah Goldner is flying on Delta. Rebekah Goldner is traveling for business. He is tired. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Amely Haley DVM is a domestic passenger. He is from Georgia. He is leaving from LAX to go to New York City. He is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned.

Shanon Rohan is a domestic passenger. She is from Arkansas. She is arriving from Salt Lake City. Shanon Rohan is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is nervous. She is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Vincent Nader is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Washington–Dulles. Vincent Nader is flying on Delta. He is traveling on a vacation. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Aurore Streich is a domestic passenger. She is from Delaware. She is arriving from Chicago–O'Hare. She is tired. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Devante Walsh is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Haiti. Arriving from London–Heathrow on British Airways. Going to London–Heathrow. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Esteban Schinner is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Houston. Esteban Schinner is flying on JetBlue. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. He begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Percy Terry is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Cameroon. Arriving from Nanjing on China Eastern Airlines. Going to Shanghai–Pudong. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Summer Aufderhar is a domestic passenger. He is from Arizona. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Fort Lauderdale. Summer Aufderhar is flying on JetBlue. He is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Aliza Shields is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cook Islands. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Seoul–Incheon on Korean Air.

Luther Abshire is a domestic passenger. He is from New Jersey. He is arriving from Philadelphia. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Zaria Kulas is a domestic passenger. She is from Kentucky. She is leaving from LAX to go to Sacramento. She is tired.

Bertha Carroll is a domestic passenger. She is from Kentucky. She is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Tucson. She is excited. She has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Mary Steuber is a domestic passenger. He is from Delaware. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Mary Steuber is traveling to visit family. He has an incredibly long layover of 12 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Freddie Hilpert Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Phoenix. Freddie Hilpert Sr. is flying on Allegiant Air. She is traveling to visit family. She is angry. She has a convenient layover of 5 hours.

Cathy Moore PhD is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Nashville. Cathy Moore PhD is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dr. Elinor Lesch is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Venezuela. Arriving from Prescott on Great Lakes Airlines. Going to San Diego on American Eagle. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 40 minutes.

Flavio Haley is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Flavio Haley is flying on American Airlines. Flavio Haley is traveling on a pilgrimage. She has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Granville Sawayn is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Nashville and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. Granville Sawayn is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is tired. He has a boring layover of 6 hours.

Novella Schmitt is a domestic passenger. He is from New Hampshire. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to Philadelphia. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Annabell Connelly is a domestic passenger. She is from Illinois. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. Annabell Connelly is flying on United Airlines. Annabell Connelly is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is angry. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Mr. Travis Nicolas is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is arriving from Denver. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is ecstatic. He is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Carolyn Dickens is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Lao People's Democratic Republic. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Cancún on Interjet. She is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Delpha Padberg is a domestic passenger. She is from West Virginia. She is arriving from Sacramento. She is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She is is going to take a taxi from the airport. Their ride is late.

Ezequiel Ebert is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is leaving from LAX to go to Austin. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned.

Noe Wolf is a domestic passenger. He is from Maine. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to San Jose, California. Noe Wolf is flying on Spirit Airlines. Noe Wolf is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Erika Hauck is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bhutan. Arriving from Changsha, Chengdu on Hainan Airlines. Going to Chongqing. He has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Denis Tremblay is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Bolivia. Arriving from Rome–Fiumicino on Alitalia. Going to Rome–Fiumicino. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Lon McDermott is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is arriving from Detroit. He is overworked. He is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport. Their ride is late.

Dr. Marty Gutmann is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Azerbaijan. Arriving from Lima on LATAM Perú. Going to Lima. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Coty O'Reilly is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Armenia. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Prescott on Great Lakes Airlines.

Edythe Grant is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Libyan Arab Jamahiriya. Arriving from Denver on Delta Connection. Going to Kalispell. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. She begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Orrin McDermott is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Nigeria. Arriving from Reykjavík–Keflavík on WOW air. Going to Reykjavík–Keflavík. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kathleen Schmeler is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to Omaha. Kathleen Schmeler is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling to visit family. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ned Koss is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is arriving from Washington DC. Ned Koss is traveling for business. She is overworked. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Adriel Cruickshank is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Sao Tome and Principe. Arriving from San José del Cabo on Interjet. Going to Puerto Vallarta. She has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Jaime Upton is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Nashville. Jaime Upton is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Jonathon Johnston is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Nashville. Jonathon Johnston is flying on United Airlines. Jonathon Johnston is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Johan Rolfson is a domestic passenger. She is from Ohio. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to San Jose, California. Johan Rolfson is flying on Virgin America. Johan Rolfson is traveling for business. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Ms. Chesley Strosin is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Serbia. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Qingdao on XiamenAir.

Ryley Stehr is a domestic passenger. She is from South Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Newark. Ryley Stehr is flying on Allegiant Air. She is traveling on a vacation. She has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Walton Braun Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Oregon. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to Cleveland. Walton Braun Sr. is flying on Frontier. Walton Braun Sr. is traveling on a vacation. She has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Tressie Kautzer MD is a domestic passenger. She is from Pennsylvania. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Washington–Dulles. Tressie Kautzer MD is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Ms. Lenora VonRueden is a domestic passenger. He is from Kentucky. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to New York City. Ms. Lenora VonRueden is flying on United Airlines. He is sad. He has an incredibly long layover of 39 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Reese McCullough is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Burkina Faso. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Warsaw–Chopin on LOT Polish Airlines. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Piper Dietrich V is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Gambia. Arriving from Lima on LATAM Perú. Going to Lima. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 35 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jonathan Schinner is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is leaving from LAX to go to New York City. She is excited.

Ryder Ferry is a domestic passenger. He is from Montana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to Washington–Dulles. He is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Neal Hills is an international passenger. He is a citizen of El Salvador. Arriving from Seoul–Incheon on Asiana Airlines. Going to Seoul–Incheon. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 50 minutes.

Benedict Shields is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Vanuatu. Arriving from Shanghai–Pudong on China Eastern Airlines. Going to Nanjing. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 36 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Jayden Funk is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Las Vegas and headed to San Antonio. Jayden Funk is flying on Virgin America. He is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Madelyn Osinski is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Ghana. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Moscow–Sheremetyevo on Aeroflot.

Jakayla Schamberger is a domestic passenger. She is from North Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Oakland. Jakayla Schamberger is flying on Spirit Airlines. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Hilton Tromp is a domestic passenger. She is from Alabama. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Denver and headed to Orlando. Hilton Tromp is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Magnolia D'Amore is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Tokelau. Arriving from Sydney on Qantas. Going to Sydney. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Miss Geraldine Schuster is a domestic passenger. She is from California. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Tucson. Miss Geraldine Schuster is flying on Spirit Airlines. She is tired. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Raul Baumbach DDS is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Guinea-Bissau. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Moscow–Sheremetyevo on Aeroflot. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Flo Davis is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to San Francisco. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 37 minutes.

Maud Lueilwitz MD is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is arriving from Orlando. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is anxious. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Florine Tromp II is a domestic passenger. She is from South Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to New York City. Florine Tromp II is flying on Alaska Airlines. Florine Tromp II is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Jewell Bergnaum II is a domestic passenger. He is from Vermont. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to New Orleans. Jewell Bergnaum II is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 35 hours. He begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Norma Pouros is a domestic passenger. He is from Maryland. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Minneapolis/St. Paul and headed to Sacramento. Norma Pouros is flying on Delta. He is traveling for business. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mr. Emelia Runolfsdottir is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Malaysia. He is leaving from LAX to travel to San Salvador on Avianca El Salvador. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport. Their ride is late.

Tatum Zieme is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Georgia. Arriving from Zürich on Swiss International Air Lines. Going to Zürich. She has a boring layover of 6 hours.

Yvette Mante IV is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to Washington–Dulles. Yvette Mante IV is traveling for business. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 41 minutes.

Karlee Wintheiser is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington–Dulles and headed to Oakland. Karlee Wintheiser is flying on Delta. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 31 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Urban Reichel is a domestic passenger. He is from California. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington–Dulles and headed to Salt Lake City. Urban Reichel is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 27 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Lorna Wisoky is a domestic passenger. He is from California. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to San Jose, California. He is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ms. Estevan Kozey is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is arriving from Las Vegas. Ms. Estevan Kozey is traveling to attend a funeral. She is tired. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Karl Kovacek is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Timor-Leste. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Amsterdam on KLM.

Destinee Dietrich I is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Croatia. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Queretaro on Volaris. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Lenny Doyle is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Portland, Oregon and headed to New Orleans. Lenny Doyle is flying on Alaska Airlines. He is nervous. He has a convenient layover of 6 hours.

Albertha Kessler is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is arriving from Boston. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is sad. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Mrs. Eldora Gottlieb is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to El Paso. Mrs. Eldora Gottlieb is flying on United Airlines. He is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. He begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Cara Armstrong is a domestic passenger. He is from Mississippi. He is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Oakland. Cara Armstrong is flying on American Airlines. He is nervous. He has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Ms. Brandi O'Reilly is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Burundi. She is leaving from LAX to travel to León/Del Bajío on Aeroméxico Connect.

Thalia Robel is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Pakistan. Arriving from London–Heathrow on British Airways. Going to London–Heathrow. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has a nice layover of 6 hours.

Sandra Terry is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Albuquerque. Sandra Terry is flying on American Airlines. She is tired. She has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Miss Bart Greenfelder is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Nicaragua. Arriving from Ixtapa/Zihuatanejo on Alaska Airlines. Going to Ixtapa/Zihuatanejo. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Maci Ward is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is leaving from LAX to go to Houston. He is sad.

Bethany Bauch is a domestic passenger. She is from Michigan. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to Detroit. Bethany Bauch is flying on Frontier. Bethany Bauch is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 31 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Fritz Parisian is a domestic passenger. She is from Michigan. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to Pittsburgh. Fritz Parisian is flying on Southwest Airlines. Fritz Parisian is traveling to visit family. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 32 minutes.

Mr. Mitchell O'Connell is a domestic passenger. He is from Michigan. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to Philadelphia. He is delirious. He has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Elinor Hessel is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is arriving from Austin. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is nervous. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Pablo Hamill is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to Seattle. Pablo Hamill is flying on Virgin America. He is overworked. He has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Ruthie Medhurst I is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Houston. She is sunburned. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Reinhold Anderson is a domestic passenger. He is from North Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to San Francisco. Reinhold Anderson is flying on United Airlines. He is traveling on top-secret business. He has an incredibly long layover of 20 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mr. Kariane Lueilwitz is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Iran. Arriving from Addis Ababa on Ethiopian Airlines. Going to Dublin. She has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dawson Tremblay is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Papua New Guinea. Arriving from Moscow–Sheremetyevo on Aeroflot. Going to Moscow–Sheremetyevo. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 29 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dedric Kovacek is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Albuquerque. Dedric Kovacek is traveling for business. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Mr. Lennie Cartwright is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Central African Republic. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Abu Dhabi on Etihad Airways. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Jadyn Block is a domestic passenger. He is from Michigan. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Seattle. Jadyn Block is flying on Spirit Airlines. Jadyn Block is traveling on a vacation. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Mr. Alvena Lebsack is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Mr. Alvena Lebsack is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Melisa Braun is a domestic passenger. She is from Alabama. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Washington–Dulles. Melisa Braun is traveling on top-secret business. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Gilbert Turcotte is a domestic passenger. He is from Alabama. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to Atlanta. Gilbert Turcotte is flying on Alaska Airlines. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Rickey Wunsch is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bahrain. Arriving from Kahului on Hawaiian Airlines. Going to Tokyo–Narita on Japan Airlines. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Shanie Luettgen is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Uzbekistan. Arriving from Washington DC on Virgin America. Going to Fort Lauderdale. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Moshe King is a domestic passenger. She is from Wyoming. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Denver and headed to Portland, Oregon. Moshe King is flying on Southwest Airlines. She has a boring layover of 3 hours.

Guy Jones is a domestic passenger. She is from Delaware. She is leaving from LAX to go to Seattle/Tacoma. Guy Jones is traveling on a pilgrimage.

Mekhi Zemlak is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to Washington–Dulles. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 35 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mr. Tamara Gerhold is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Cayman Islands. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Montréal–Trudeau on Air Canada.

Kaitlin McClure III is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Niger. Arriving from London on Norwegian Air Shuttle. Going to Stockholm–Arlanda. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 44 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Marcelo Miller is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Minneapolis/St. Paul and headed to Dallas. Marcelo Miller is flying on Spirit Airlines. She has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Pattie Ratke Jr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Delaware. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Detroit. He is excited. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Diamond Heidenreich is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is leaving from LAX to go to Reno/Tahoe.

Fay Leffler is a domestic passenger. He is from Minnesota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Salt Lake City. Fay Leffler is flying on Virgin America. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Eva Corwin is a domestic passenger. He is from Illinois. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Minneapolis/St. Paul and headed to San Antonio. Eva Corwin is flying on American Eagle. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Royce Dach is a domestic passenger. She is from Arizona. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Jose, California and headed to Chicago–Midway. Royce Dach is flying on JetBlue. She is traveling to visit family. She has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Alia Waelchi is a domestic passenger. She is from West Virginia. She is arriving from Boston. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport. Their ride is late.

Dr. Breanne Marquardt is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Greece. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Panama City on Copa Airlines.

Jose Upton is an international passenger. He is a citizen of New Zealand. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Mexico City on Aeroméxico.

Moshe Prosacco V is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Italy. Arriving from Kahului on United Airlines. Going to Orlando. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Leonel Stamm II is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is arriving from Dallas. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Terry Shields is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Detroit. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jarvis Denesik V is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is leaving from LAX to go to Indianapolis. Jarvis Denesik V is traveling on a vacation. She is tired.

Ray Aufderhar is a domestic passenger. He is from Arizona. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to Cleveland. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has a convenient layover of 5 hours.

Adelia Upton III is a domestic passenger. She is from Connecticut. She is arriving from Newark. Adelia Upton III is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Bella Spinka is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Puerto Rico. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on All Nippon Airways. Going to Memphis on Allegiant Air. He has an incredibly long layover of 30 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Prince Daugherty Jr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is leaving from LAX to go to Atlanta. Prince Daugherty Jr. is traveling to visit family. She is sad.

Yoshiko Jenkins is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Namibia. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Brisbane on Virgin Australia. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Brooklyn Hoeger is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Ukraine. Arriving from Mexico City on Volaris. Going to León/Del Bajío. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Zella Gusikowski is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Benin. Arriving from San Salvador on Avianca El Salvador. Going to San Salvador. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Dr. Georgianna Denesik is a domestic passenger. He is from New York. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to San Francisco. He is excited. He has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Obie Gottlieb MD is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. She is traveling on top-secret business. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Emory Daugherty DVM is a domestic passenger. They is from Maine. They is connecting through LAX, coming from Minneapolis/St. Paul and headed to Dallas–Love. Emory Daugherty DVM is flying on American Eagle. They are traveling on a vacation. They are sunburned. They have an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dorris Stehr DDS is a domestic passenger. He is from Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas/Fort Worth and headed to Seattle. Dorris Stehr DDS is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling for business. He has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Aubrey Considine is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is leaving from LAX to go to Austin. She is traveling to visit family.

Miss Zelda Fadel is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Tunisia. Arriving from Santa Rosa on Alaska Airlines. Going to Santa Rosa. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Barbara Conn is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to San Jose, California. Dr. Barbara Conn is flying on Southwest Airlines. Dr. Barbara Conn is traveling on a pilgrimage. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Trenton Ledner is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New Orleans and headed to Orlando. Trenton Ledner is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned. He has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Eddie Beatty is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is leaving from LAX to go to Omaha.

Sincere Rice is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Djibouti. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on Singapore Airlines. Going to Singapore. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 47 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dock Nolan DVM is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Nashville. Dock Nolan DVM is flying on American Airlines. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She has an incredibly long layover of 26 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Delpha Hintz is a domestic passenger. He is from West Virginia. He is arriving from Kansas City. Delpha Hintz is traveling on a vacation. He is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Beatrice Rau is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Denver and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Beatrice Rau is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Brianne Greenfelder is a domestic passenger. She is from Alabama. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Portland, Oregon. Brianne Greenfelder is flying on JetBlue. Brianne Greenfelder is traveling to visit family. She is sad. She has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Timmy Rutherford II is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Czech Republic. Arriving from Albuquerque on Allegiant Air. Going to Boise. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Malachi Konopelski is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cote d'Ivoire. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Amsterdam on KLM.

Einar Effertz is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Saint Barthelemy. Arriving from New York City on JetBlue Airways. Going to Singapore on Singapore Airlines. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has a nice layover of 5 hours.

Forest Oberbrunner is a domestic passenger. They is from Wisconsin. They is leaving from LAX to go to Kansas City. Forest Oberbrunner is traveling to visit family. They are delirious.

Miss Zula Gibson is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to Phoenix. Miss Zula Gibson is flying on Alaska Airlines. Miss Zula Gibson is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is ecstatic. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Moises Hilll is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Aruba. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on Singapore Airlines. Going to Singapore. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kendrick Batz is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is arriving from Philadelphia. Kendrick Batz is traveling to visit family. He is tired. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Clair Ward Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from California. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to Denver. Clair Ward Sr. is traveling to visit family. She is anxious. She has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Eleanora Farrell is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Uganda. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Panama City on Copa Airlines.

Cedrick O'Hara is a domestic passenger. She is from South Dakota. She is leaving from LAX to go to Seattle/Tacoma. Cedrick O'Hara is traveling for business. She is overworked.

Rosalia Tromp is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas.

Lilian Gerhold is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Pittsburgh. Lilian Gerhold is flying on Frontier. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jayce Bruen Jr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is arriving from Seattle. He is ecstatic. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Frederique Lebsack is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is arriving from Seattle/Tacoma. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is tired. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport. Their ride is late.

Citlalli Howe is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Western Sahara. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Addis Ababa on Ethiopian Airlines.

Josephine Senger is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to Atlanta. He is grief-stricken. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Rachael Barrows IV is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Swaziland. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Austin on Delta Connection.

Dr. Adriana Bartoletti is a domestic passenger. He is from South Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to El Paso. Dr. Adriana Bartoletti is flying on JetBlue. He is traveling to visit family. He is sad. He has an incredibly long layover of 38 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Gilda Champlin Jr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Orlando. Gilda Champlin Jr. is flying on Delta. Gilda Champlin Jr. is traveling on top-secret business. He is ecstatic. He has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Kaci Morar is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Namibia. Arriving from Vienna on Austrian Airlines. Going to Vienna. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 26 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Chyna Bins is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Chyna Bins is flying on Alaska Airlines. Chyna Bins is traveling on top-secret business. She is sad. She has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Alvina Dach is a domestic passenger. She is from New Hampshire. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Indianapolis. Alvina Dach is flying on Alaska Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Mrs. Walton Lubowitz is a domestic passenger. She is from Utah. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Milwaukee. Mrs. Walton Lubowitz is flying on Alaska Airlines. She is traveling for business. She is overworked. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Mrs. Weldon Rempel is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Finland. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Munich on Lufthansa. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Hugh Crooks is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is arriving from San Francisco. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Caleb Harber is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is leaving from LAX to go to Indianapolis. Caleb Harber is traveling for business. He is nervous.

Leda Gutmann is a domestic passenger. She is from Mississippi. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to San Diego. Leda Gutmann is flying on Alaska Airlines. Leda Gutmann is traveling to visit family. She is angry. She has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Adalberto Mertz is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is arriving from Albuquerque. She is excited. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Chesley Johnston I is a domestic passenger. She is from New York. She is arriving from Baltimore. Chesley Johnston I is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport. Their ride is late.

Cassandra Nitzsche III is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is arriving from Oakland. She is tired. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Fae Ward is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Sierra Leone. Arriving from Moscow–Sheremetyevo on Aeroflot. Going to Moscow–Sheremetyevo. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Harvey Hettinger Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Atlanta. She has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Gay Hyatt is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to El Paso. Gay Hyatt is flying on Southwest Airlines. She has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Miss Lew Hyatt is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to San Francisco. Miss Lew Hyatt is flying on Frontier. She is traveling on top-secret business. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Deondre Lemke is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Denver. Deondre Lemke is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ashly Moen is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is arriving from San Francisco. She is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Maeve Fritsch is a domestic passenger. She is from West Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to Philadelphia. Maeve Fritsch is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling for business. She is overworked. She has an incredibly long layover of 20 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Gertrude Tromp is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Sri Lanka. Arriving from Nanjing on China Eastern Airlines. Going to Nanjing. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Tianna Ziemann is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to Atlanta. Tianna Ziemann is flying on Alaska Airlines. Tianna Ziemann is traveling for business. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 27 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Alessandra Roberts DVM is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Portland, Oregon and headed to Phoenix. Alessandra Roberts DVM is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 30 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mr. Olen Legros is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is arriving from Chicago–O'Hare. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is sad. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Robyn Breitenberg is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Venezuela. Arriving from Portland, Oregon on Virgin America. Going to Dallas–Love. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has a boring layover of 3 hours.

Mrs. Johanna Kunde is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to San Diego. Mrs. Johanna Kunde is flying on Allegiant Air. Mrs. Johanna Kunde is traveling to visit family. He is nervous. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Otto Wilderman V is a domestic passenger. He is from Montana. He is arriving from New Orleans. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Abelardo Spinka is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is leaving from LAX to go to San Jose, California. He is tired.

Elody Ondricka is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Dallas–Love. Elody Ondricka is flying on Allegiant Air. He is sunburned. He has a nice layover of 5 hours.

Mr. Ephraim Hegmann is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Pittsburgh. Mr. Ephraim Hegmann is flying on JetBlue. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 26 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mr. Baylee Treutel is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Fort Lauderdale. Mr. Baylee Treutel is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is delirious. He has an incredibly long layover of 24 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Lexie Lakin is a domestic passenger. She is from Kentucky. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to San Francisco. Lexie Lakin is flying on Delta. She is traveling to visit family. She has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Velma Fahey is a domestic passenger. She is from Wyoming. She is arriving from Seattle/Tacoma. She is excited. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Jaquelin Steuber PhD is a domestic passenger. She is from Connecticut. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to Seattle. Jaquelin Steuber PhD is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is anxious. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Garett Huels DVM is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is leaving from LAX to go to Las Vegas.

Audra Crona is a domestic passenger. He is from Idaho. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to New Orleans. Audra Crona is flying on Delta. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 36 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Maverick Rowe is a domestic passenger. She is from Idaho. She is arriving from Philadelphia. Dr. Maverick Rowe is traveling to visit family. She is angry. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Mellie Gottlieb is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to Chicago–Midway. Mellie Gottlieb is flying on Virgin America. Mellie Gottlieb is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 12 hours. She begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Ms. Torey Kreiger is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Oakland. Ms. Torey Kreiger is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Miss Alicia Ward is a domestic passenger. He is from New Hampshire. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Portland, Oregon. Miss Alicia Ward is flying on Delta. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Cordie Turcotte is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Portland, Oregon and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Cordie Turcotte is flying on Allegiant Air. Cordie Turcotte is traveling to visit family. She has an incredibly long layover of 33 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Tiana Miller Jr. is a domestic passenger. He is from North Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Indianapolis. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. He begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Miss Leilani Deckow is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is leaving from LAX to go to Kansas City.

Mr. Aaron Bernier is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Portland, Oregon and headed to Washington–Dulles. Mr. Aaron Bernier is flying on Alaska Airlines. She is overworked. She has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Dillan Smitham is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas/Fort Worth. He is traveling to visit family. He is anxious.

Brenda Ferry is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bolivia. Arriving from Auckland on Air New Zealand. Going to Auckland. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Murl Jacobs II is a domestic passenger. He is from Illinois. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Newark. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Katelynn Hagenes V is a domestic passenger. He is from Idaho. He is arriving from San Francisco. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Alexys Blanda is a domestic passenger. She is from Delaware. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to El Paso. Alexys Blanda is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling to visit family. She has an incredibly long layover of 29 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Elody Konopelski is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington–Dulles and headed to San Diego. She is overworked. She has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Georgiana Weimann is a domestic passenger. She is from Connecticut. She is arriving from Austin. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Ansel Wisozk is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Indianapolis. Ansel Wisozk is flying on Allegiant Air. She is overworked. She has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Rosanna Boehm is a domestic passenger. He is from Kansas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. He is tired. He has a boring layover of 6 hours.

Jonatan Bogan is a domestic passenger. She is from California. She is arriving from Orlando. Jonatan Bogan is traveling to attend a funeral. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Dr. Charity McDermott is a domestic passenger. He is from Minnesota. He is leaving from LAX to go to Houston–Intercontinental. He is traveling to visit family.

Rubie Ritchie is a domestic passenger. He is from Tennessee. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. Rubie Ritchie is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Scotty Green is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Dallas–Love. Scotty Green is flying on JetBlue. He is traveling to visit family. He has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Kennedi Bauch is a domestic passenger. He is from Arizona. He is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas/Fort Worth. He is traveling on a vacation. He is tired.

Mr. Marcelino Gutkowski is a domestic passenger. He is from Tennessee. He is arriving from New York City. He is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Verda Botsford is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is arriving from Houston. Verda Botsford is traveling to visit family. She is tired. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Lina Cartwright is a domestic passenger. He is from Montana. He is leaving from LAX to go to Cleveland. Lina Cartwright is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is sad.

Cornelius Hessel is a domestic passenger. He is from North Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Salt Lake City. Cornelius Hessel is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling on top-secret business. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Darien Kessler is a domestic passenger. He is from South Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Dallas–Love. Darien Kessler is flying on United Airlines. He is nervous. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Novella Frami is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Portland, Oregon. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is anxious. He has a boring layover of 3 hours.

Savion Torp is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Zambia. Arriving from Hong Kong on American Airlines. Going to Hong Kong. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has an incredibly long layover of 40 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Miss Stephen Wiza is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Turkmenistan. Arriving from Tokyo–Haneda on All Nippon Airways. Going to London–Heathrow on Virgin Atlantic. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Chloe O'Conner is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is leaving from LAX to go to Denver. He is traveling on a vacation. He is tired.

Janiya Kling III is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Houston. Janiya Kling III is flying on Southwest Airlines. Janiya Kling III is traveling on top-secret business. She has an incredibly long layover of 20 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ms. Jerry Cormier is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Cuba. Arriving from Prescott on Great Lakes Airlines. Going to Prescott. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Jeffery Torp is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Djibouti. Arriving from Amsterdam on KLM. Going to Amsterdam. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mrs. Sheila Murray is a domestic passenger. He is from Idaho. He is leaving from LAX to go to Salt Lake City. He is traveling for business. He is nervous.

Dr. Rosalinda Abbott is a domestic passenger. He is from California. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Baltimore. Dr. Rosalinda Abbott is flying on Allegiant Air. He is sad. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Sadye Barrows DDS is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas. Sadye Barrows DDS is traveling on a vacation. He is excited.

Myrl Rosenbaum is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Detroit. Myrl Rosenbaum is flying on Virgin America. She is traveling to visit family. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Akeem D'Amore is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Myanmar. Arriving from Warsaw–Chopin on LOT Polish Airlines. Going to Dublin on Ethiopian Airlines. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. She begins laughing at the thought of being here that long.

Freeman Reinger is an international passenger. She is a citizen of British Indian Ocean Territory (Chagos Archipelago). Arriving from Seoul–Incheon on Asiana Airlines. Going to Seoul–Incheon. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Enid Wolf is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to Fort Lauderdale. Enid Wolf is flying on Allegiant Air. Enid Wolf is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Bradly Ward is a domestic passenger. He is from Vermont. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to Baltimore. Bradly Ward is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is anxious. He has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Ms. Cheyenne Lind is a domestic passenger. He is from Rhode Island. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Nashville. Ms. Cheyenne Lind is flying on Southwest Airlines. Ms. Cheyenne Lind is traveling to visit family. He is delirious. He has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Bailey Erdman is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Georgia. Arriving from Lima on LATAM Perú. Going to Dubai–International on Emirates. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Edgar Frami is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Yemen. He is leaving from LAX to travel to McAllen on Allegiant Air.

Gilda Dietrich is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Philadelphia and headed to New Orleans. Gilda Dietrich is flying on Delta. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Ida Swaniawski is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is arriving from Houston. She is traveling to visit family. She is sad. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Garth Batz III is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Tanzania. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Guadalajara on VivaAerobus.

Mustafa Grant is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Salt Lake City. Mustafa Grant is flying on Alaska Airlines. Mustafa Grant is traveling on a vacation. She has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Dr. Catalina Walsh is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to San Jose, California. Dr. Catalina Walsh is flying on Virgin America. Dr. Catalina Walsh is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is excited. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Frances Stoltenberg is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is arriving from Dallas. Frances Stoltenberg is traveling to visit family. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Aaliyah Oberbrunner is a domestic passenger. She is from Colorado. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Nashville. Aaliyah Oberbrunner is flying on JetBlue. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Moshe MacGyver is a domestic passenger. She is from Alabama. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Boston. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Kendall Bradtke is a domestic passenger. He is from Florida. He is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Oakland. He is overworked. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mrs. Yazmin Johnson is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Sacramento. Mrs. Yazmin Johnson is flying on Virgin America. Mrs. Yazmin Johnson is traveling to visit family. He is sad. He has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Anastasia Champlin is a domestic passenger. She is from Kentucky. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to New Orleans. Anastasia Champlin is flying on Frontier. Anastasia Champlin is traveling to visit family. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Velma Schuppe DDS is a domestic passenger. She is from Oregon. She is arriving from Newark. Velma Schuppe DDS is traveling for business. She is overworked. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Dr. Luna Fadel is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Dr. Luna Fadel is flying on Virgin America. She is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Francesca Roob is a domestic passenger. He is from Wisconsin. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Reno/Tahoe. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is excited. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Ms. Katharina Shanahan is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to San Jose, California. He is traveling to visit family. He is angry. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Theodora Boyer is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Sao Tome and Principe. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Madrid on Iberia. He is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport. Their ride is late.

Nicole Ullrich is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to Portland, Oregon. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 55 minutes.

Miss Gilberto Tillman is a domestic passenger. She is from Pennsylvania. She is arriving from Dallas. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Ceasar Bosco is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Macedonia. Arriving from Cancún on Interjet. Going to Mexico City. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 50 minutes.

Miss Tracey Lesch is a domestic passenger. She is from Delaware. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Philadelphia and headed to San Jose, California. She is traveling on a vacation. She has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Hazel Jast is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Croatia. Arriving from Papeete on Air Tahiti Nui. Going to Paris–Charles de Gaulle. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Dominic Moen is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Nashville. Dominic Moen is flying on Allegiant Air. She is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Emerson Erdman is a domestic passenger. He is from Georgia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to Seattle. He is traveling to visit family. He is excited. He has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Veda Zieme is a domestic passenger. She is from Texas. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kareem Erdman is a domestic passenger. He is from Montana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to Kansas City. Kareem Erdman is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is sad. He has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Sydni Bins is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Mexico. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Istanbul–Atatürk on Turkish Airlines. He is is going to take a city bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Leanne Waelchi is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Fiji. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Beijing–Capital on Air China. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Syble Skiles is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is leaving from LAX to go to Newark. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous.

Marilou Larson is a domestic passenger. He is from Wisconsin. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Boston. Marilou Larson is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Wilber Hilpert is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Ireland. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Dubai–International on Emirates. He is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Gudrun Bosco V is an international passenger. They is a citizen of Ethiopia. Arriving from Portland, Oregon on American Eagle. Going to Oklahoma City. They have to wait for a bus between terminals. They are not amused. They have an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Orin Tromp is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Philadelphia. Orin Tromp is flying on American Airlines. She has a boring layover of 3 hours.

Jenifer Collins V is a domestic passenger. She is from Vermont. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to Reno/Tahoe. She is traveling to visit family. She is anxious. She has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mrs. Sarah Stiedemann is a domestic passenger. He is from Mississippi. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to Boston. Mrs. Sarah Stiedemann is flying on Virgin America. He is tired. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Marc Harvey is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to Omaha. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is ecstatic. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Else Witting MD is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is arriving from Austin. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Haskell Kulas is a domestic passenger. He is from Pennsylvania. He is arriving from Newark. Haskell Kulas is traveling for business. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport. Their ride is late.

Sylvester Hermiston II is a domestic passenger. He is from Mississippi. He is arriving from Orlando. He is tired. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Elenora Zulauf is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to Newark. She is excited. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Angelica Kozey is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Djibouti. She is leaving from LAX to travel to San Jose, California on Alaska Airlines.

Deontae Swaniawski PhD is an international passenger. She is a citizen of British Indian Ocean Territory (Chagos Archipelago). Arriving from Madrid on Iberia. Going to Madrid. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Marge Kuhic is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Dallas–Love. Marge Kuhic is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is traveling for business. She is nervous. She has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Rosemary Pagac is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Denver. Rosemary Pagac is flying on Allegiant Air. Rosemary Pagac is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jazmin Jacobs is a domestic passenger. She is from Michigan. She is arriving from Dallas. Jazmin Jacobs is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Lenna Bosco DDS is a domestic passenger. He is from Maine. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Chicago–Midway. Lenna Bosco DDS is flying on Delta. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Andrew Jacobi is a domestic passenger. She is from Arizona. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Portland, Oregon and headed to Indianapolis. Andrew Jacobi is flying on Southwest Airlines. Andrew Jacobi is traveling for business. She is nervous. She has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Terrance Bayer is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Turkmenistan. Arriving from Missoula on Delta Connection. Going to Spokane. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Ms. Rosalee Beer is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Bahrain. Arriving from Guangzhou on China Southern Airlines. Going to Medford on Alaska Airlines. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has a boring layover of 6 hours.

Mrs. Carlie Wyman is a domestic passenger. She is from Tennessee. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Omaha. Mrs. Carlie Wyman is flying on American Airlines. She is traveling on top-secret business. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Nelle Koch is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Ethiopia. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Mexico City on Interjet.

Ivah Keebler is an international passenger. She is a citizen of French Guiana. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Las Vegas on American Airlines.

Ilene Bogisich is a domestic passenger. She is from Kentucky. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to Austin. Ilene Bogisich is flying on Alaska Airlines. Ilene Bogisich is traveling on a vacation. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Desmond Lakin is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Washington DC. She is ecstatic. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Keeley Ritchie is a domestic passenger. She is from West Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Portland, Oregon and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. She has an incredibly long layover of 31 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Consuelo Emard is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Reunion. Arriving from Merced on Boutique Air. Going to San José del Cabo on Interjet. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Zula Bailey is an international passenger. He is a citizen of United States Minor Outlying Islands. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Qingdao on XiamenAir. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Adrianna Schinner Sr. is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Holy See (Vatican City State). Arriving from Panama City on Copa Airlines. Going to Panama City. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Winifred Walter is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Argentina. Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has a convenient layover of 6 hours.

Tremayne Schmidt MD is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is leaving from LAX to go to Orlando. She is delirious.

Demario Nicolas is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is leaving from LAX to go to Houston. Demario Nicolas is traveling on a vacation. He is tired.

Norberto Pagac Sr. is a domestic passenger. He is from New York. He is arriving from San Jose, California. Norberto Pagac Sr. is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is sad. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport. Their ride is late.

Sonia Leuschke is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Philadelphia and headed to Portland, Oregon. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Loyal Kertzmann is a domestic passenger. He is from California. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Dallas–Love. Loyal Kertzmann is flying on JetBlue. He is excited. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Carson Hickle is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to El Paso. Carson Hickle is flying on Virgin America. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Naomi Jakubowski is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is arriving from San Francisco. He is anxious. He is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Dr. Lawson Kunde is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to El Paso. Dr. Lawson Kunde is flying on Delta. She is traveling on a vacation. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Jett Crist is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Minneapolis/St. Paul and headed to Chicago–Midway. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Annabelle Langworth is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is arriving from Indianapolis. Annabelle Langworth is traveling for business. She is overworked. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Sandy Trantow is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Mali. Arriving from London–Heathrow on British Airways. Going to London–Heathrow. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. He begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Vesta Gorczany is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cayman Islands. Arriving from Madrid on Iberia. Going to Madrid. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Willis Dach is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Niger. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Dublin on Aer Lingus. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Wanda Barton is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Pakistan. Arriving from San Antonio on United Express. Going to Oklahoma City. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Jacinthe Spencer is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Andorra. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Las Vegas on United Airlines. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Mr. Dariana Roob is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is leaving from LAX to go to Albuquerque. Mr. Dariana Roob is traveling to visit family.

Miss Theron Schaefer is a domestic passenger. He is from Pennsylvania. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to New Orleans. He is traveling on a vacation. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Twila Goldner is a domestic passenger. He is from West Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Detroit. Twila Goldner is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Sadie Rath is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Kansas City. He is sad. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Carmella West is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is leaving from LAX to go to Baltimore. Carmella West is traveling for business.

Dixie Morar is a domestic passenger. She is from Alabama. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Dixie Morar is flying on United Airlines. She is sunburned. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Dr. Gladyce Heidenreich is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Western Sahara. Arriving from Seoul–Incheon on Asiana Airlines. Going to Seoul–Incheon. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Garret Bailey is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is leaving from LAX to go to Oakland. She is traveling to visit family. She is anxious.

Lacy Monahan II is a domestic passenger. He is from Minnesota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to San Francisco. Lacy Monahan II is flying on Spirit Airlines. Lacy Monahan II is traveling on a pilgrimage. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Pierce Bayer MD is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Tucson. Pierce Bayer MD is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Bethel Fadel is a domestic passenger. He is from Michigan. He is arriving from Austin. Bethel Fadel is traveling on a vacation. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Jessika Denesik is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–O'Hare. Jessika Denesik is traveling on a vacation.

Bridie Auer I is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bangladesh. Arriving from Papeete on Air France. Going to Papeete. He has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Jerry Paucek MD is a domestic passenger. She is from New York. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas/Fort Worth and headed to Atlanta. Jerry Paucek MD is flying on Allegiant Air. Jerry Paucek MD is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Cecile Doyle is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Djibouti. Arriving from Jeddah on Saudia. Going to Riyadh. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Isabell Botsford is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. Isabell Botsford is traveling on top-secret business. He is nervous. He has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Sigrid Huel PhD is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Dallas. Sigrid Huel PhD is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Ms. Joanie Terry is an international passenger. They is a citizen of Faroe Islands. They is leaving from LAX to travel to Kailua–Kona on Hawaiian Airlines.

Rudy Hoeger is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Kenya. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Lima on LATAM Perú. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Dr. Newell Spencer is a domestic passenger. He is from Arizona. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Dr. Newell Spencer is traveling to attend a funeral. He is sad. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Kira Bartoletti is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Dominican Republic. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Paris–Charles de Gaulle on Air France.

Isom Conroy is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to St. Louis. Isom Conroy is traveling to visit family. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Teresa Grant Jr. is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Democratic People's Republic of Korea. Arriving from Riyadh on Saudia. Going to Jeddah. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kattie Larkin DVM is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Atlanta. Kattie Larkin DVM is traveling to visit family. He has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Ms. Aimee Pagac is a domestic passenger. She is from New York. She is arriving from Austin. She is traveling for business. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Erna Hilll I is an international passenger. She is a citizen of United Arab Emirates. Arriving from Dublin on Ethiopian Airlines. Going to Addis Ababa. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Vesta Shields is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Oakland. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 24 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Virgil Hagenes is a domestic passenger. He is from South Carolina. He is arriving from Nashville. He is tired. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Mr. Wyatt Rolfson is a domestic passenger. She is from North Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington–Dulles and headed to Detroit. Mr. Wyatt Rolfson is flying on JetBlue. She is anxious. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Delpha O'Connell is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Comoros. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Nadi on Fiji Airways. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Elmore Gleason PhD is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Bangladesh. Arriving from León/Del Bajío on Volaris. Going to Zacatecas. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 51 minutes.

Nikki Douglas is an international passenger. She is a citizen of French Polynesia. Arriving from Oakland on Delta Air Lines. Going to Kailua–Kona. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has an incredibly long layover of 12 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Heber Mitchell DDS is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Greenland. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Paris–Charles de Gaulle on XL Airways France. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Ransom Daugherty is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Malta. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Abu Dhabi on Etihad Airways. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Noel Mante DVM is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to San Diego. Noel Mante DVM is flying on JetBlue. Noel Mante DVM is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mrs. Emely Harris is a domestic passenger. She is from Minnesota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to San Diego. Mrs. Emely Harris is flying on Allegiant Air. Mrs. Emely Harris is traveling to visit family. She is ecstatic. She has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Jaeden Leffler is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas/Fort Worth and headed to San Antonio. Jaeden Leffler is flying on JetBlue. Jaeden Leffler is traveling for business. She is overworked. She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Stacey Gutkowski is a domestic passenger. She is from Illinois. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Nashville and headed to Las Vegas. Stacey Gutkowski is flying on Spirit Airlines. She is traveling for business. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 36 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Aliyah Schneider is a domestic passenger. She is from Arizona. She is leaving from LAX to go to Austin. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned.

Clifton Rohan is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Tokelau. Arriving from Taipei–Taoyuan on EVA Air. Going to Rarotonga on Air New Zealand. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mr. Gideon Rohan is a domestic passenger. She is from Mississippi. She is leaving from LAX to go to Atlanta.

Arvid Senger is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Slovenia. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Edmonton on WestJet.

Ambrose Langosh PhD is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is leaving from LAX to go to El Paso. He is traveling to visit family. He is excited.

Eloise Aufderhar is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Pittsburgh. Eloise Aufderhar is traveling to visit family. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Reyna Bins is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to Salt Lake City. Reyna Bins is flying on Delta. She is traveling to visit family. She is sad. She has an incredibly long layover of 34 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Miss Miguel Volkman is a domestic passenger. He is from New Jersey. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to San Antonio. Miss Miguel Volkman is flying on American Eagle. Miss Miguel Volkman is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Austen Kutch is a domestic passenger. She is from Arkansas. She is arriving from St. Louis. She is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Miss Earnest Sipes is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Dallas. Miss Earnest Sipes is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is traveling for business. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. He begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Mike Conroy is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Kazakhstan. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Cancún on Interjet.

Jarvis Schowalter IV is a domestic passenger. She is from Rhode Island. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to New York City. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Ludie Wilkinson is a domestic passenger. They is from West Virginia. They is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Baltimore. Ludie Wilkinson is flying on Spirit Airlines. They are nervous. They have a convenient layover of 6 hours.

Carleton Price is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Jose, California and headed to Milwaukee. Carleton Price is traveling to attend a funeral. She is content. She has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Miss Trevion Konopelski is a domestic passenger. She is from South Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to San Antonio. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Marlin Lehner is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to St. Louis. Marlin Lehner is flying on American Eagle. Marlin Lehner is traveling to visit family. He is angry. He has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Pascale Hamill is a domestic passenger. She is from Michigan. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Philadelphia. Pascale Hamill is flying on JetBlue. Pascale Hamill is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

America Medhurst is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Macedonia. Arriving from Papeete on Air Tahiti Nui. Going to Papeete. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Herminia Haag is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Nashville. He has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Wava Fadel is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Jose, California and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. Wava Fadel is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Judd Huels is a domestic passenger. They is from Georgia. They is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Dallas. Judd Huels is flying on Alaska Airlines. Judd Huels is traveling for business. They are tired. They have a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Ayden Paucek is a domestic passenger. He is from Georgia. He is arriving from Philadelphia. He is content. He is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Paula Stehr is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is leaving from LAX to go to Milwaukee. She is sad.

Diamond Barton is a domestic passenger. She is from Ohio. She is leaving from LAX to go to Newark. She is traveling for business. She is nervous.

Mrs. Dagmar Mueller is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is arriving from Indianapolis. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Alisa Russel Sr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Alabama. He is leaving from LAX to go to Phoenix. He is excited.

Gerry Rohan is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Svalbard & Jan Mayen Islands. Arriving from Jeddah on Saudia. Going to Riyadh. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Flavio Balistreri is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Australia. Arriving from Singapore on Singapore Airlines. Going to Tokyo–Narita. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Miss Opal Mertz is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Brunei Darussalam. Arriving from Doha on Qatar Airways. Going to Changsha, Chengdu on Hainan Airlines. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Jackeline Hirthe is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Washington DC. He is traveling to visit family. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 30 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Bessie Kerluke is a domestic passenger. He is from North Dakota. He is leaving from LAX to go to Washington–Dulles. Bessie Kerluke is traveling on a vacation.

Mr. Lindsay Simonis is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is arriving from El Paso. She is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Aaron Kuvalis is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Bermuda. Arriving from Lima on LATAM Chile. Going to Lima. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 26 hours. She begins laughing at the thought of being here that long.

Barrett Beahan MD is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cyprus. Arriving from Changsha, Chengdu on Hainan Airlines. Going to Changsha, Chengdu. He has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Hobart Roob is a domestic passenger. He is from Arizona. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Orlando. Hobart Roob is flying on Allegiant Air. He is nervous. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Duane Heidenreich is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Honolulu. Duane Heidenreich is flying on American Airlines. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 39 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Daphnee Hauck is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Milwaukee. Daphnee Hauck is flying on United Airlines. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 12 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Hester Wolf Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Wyoming. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Detroit. Hester Wolf Sr. is flying on Virgin America. She is traveling to visit family. She is tired. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Victoria Kunde is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is arriving from Minneapolis/St. Paul. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Amely Champlin is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Sacramento. She is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 24 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Makenna Hermiston DVM is a domestic passenger. He is from West Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to Washington–Dulles. Makenna Hermiston DVM is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is anxious. He has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mariano DuBuque is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. He is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Bonita Sanford V is a domestic passenger. She is from Wyoming. She is arriving from Omaha. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Nestor McCullough DVM is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is arriving from New Orleans. He is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Laurie Sanford is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is arriving from Baltimore. She is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Collin Larkin is an international passenger. He is a citizen of French Guiana. Arriving from Nadi on Fiji Airways. Going to Seoul–Incheon on Asiana Airlines. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Burnice Fritsch is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Las Vegas and headed to Philadelphia. Burnice Fritsch is flying on Southwest Airlines. Burnice Fritsch is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Mrs. Cade Bartell is a domestic passenger. She is from Vermont. She is arriving from Oakland. She is traveling to visit family. She is excited. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Nona Murphy is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to Omaha. Nona Murphy is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mr. Stanley Brown is a domestic passenger. She is from Kentucky. She is arriving from Cleveland. Mr. Stanley Brown is traveling to visit family. She is sad. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport. Their ride is late.

Ottis Hintz is a domestic passenger. She is from New Jersey. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. Ottis Hintz is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling for business. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Judson Huel PhD is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–O'Hare. Judson Huel PhD is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned.

Danny Gerhold is a domestic passenger. He is from Kansas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to San Jose, California. Danny Gerhold is flying on JetBlue. He has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Hertha MacGyver is a domestic passenger. He is from South Carolina. He is arriving from New Orleans. He is traveling to visit family. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Estelle Shanahan is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Orlando. Estelle Shanahan is flying on Virgin America. Estelle Shanahan is traveling on a vacation. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Gaston Lowe is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. Gaston Lowe is flying on Spirit Airlines. He has a convenient layover of 6 hours.

Jeffrey Beier DVM is a domestic passenger. He is from New Jersey. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to New Orleans. Jeffrey Beier DVM is traveling to visit family. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. He begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Arlene Mann Sr. is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Timor-Leste. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Mexico City on Aeroméxico. He is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Jamar Abernathy is a domestic passenger. He is from Colorado. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to San Jose, California. Jamar Abernathy is flying on Alaska Airlines. He is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Cydney Koelpin is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is leaving from LAX to go to Milwaukee. Cydney Koelpin is traveling on a vacation.

Sarina Conroy is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Heard Island and McDonald Islands. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Istanbul–Atatürk on Turkish Airlines.

Ulises Crona is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Poland. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Frankfurt on Lufthansa. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Shakira Veum is a domestic passenger. She is from Tennessee. She is leaving from LAX to go to New York City. Shakira Veum is traveling for business.

Princess Williamson is a domestic passenger. She is from Pennsylvania. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Fort Lauderdale. Princess Williamson is flying on JetBlue. Princess Williamson is traveling on top-secret business. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 26 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Vivian Schmidt is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Mauritius. Arriving from Guangzhou on China Southern Airlines. Going to Guangzhou. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 30 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Virginia Gleason PhD is a domestic passenger. He is from Wisconsin. He is leaving from LAX to go to Portland, Oregon. Virginia Gleason PhD is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous.

Brianne Labadie PhD is a domestic passenger. She is from Oregon. She is leaving from LAX to go to Atlanta. Brianne Labadie PhD is traveling to visit family. She is ecstatic.

Neoma Gerhold is a domestic passenger. He is from New Hampshire. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to Sacramento. Neoma Gerhold is flying on Southwest Airlines. He is traveling to attend a funeral. He is grief-stricken. He has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Camila Mann is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Egypt. Arriving from Hayden/Steamboat Springs on United Express. Going to Kalispell. He has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jada Wilkinson is an international passenger. He is a citizen of United Kingdom. Arriving from Tokyo–Haneda on All Nippon Airways. Going to Singapore on Singapore Airlines. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Kacey Predovic is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is arriving from Dallas–Love. Kacey Predovic is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Khalil Greenholt is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. Khalil Greenholt is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is nervous. He has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Florian Dibbert is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to St. Louis. She is delirious. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Camren Orn is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Germany. Arriving from Vancouver on Air Canada. Going to Montréal–Trudeau. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Aglae Sawayn III is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New Orleans and headed to Tucson. Aglae Sawayn III is flying on Virgin America. He is traveling to attend a funeral. He is grief-stricken. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Jayson Mosciski is a domestic passenger. They is from Kansas. They is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–O'Hare. They are nervous.

Charity Connelly III is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Newark. Charity Connelly III is flying on United Airlines. Charity Connelly III is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Monica Maggio is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Sierra Leone. Arriving from Santa Rosa on Alaska Airlines. Going to Manchester (UK) on Thomas Cook Airlines. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Helene Nicolas is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is leaving from LAX to go to Milwaukee. He is traveling on a vacation.

Coy Mayert is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Mozambique. She is leaving from LAX to travel to London–Heathrow on Virgin Atlantic.

Judah Braun is a domestic passenger. She is from New Jersey. She is arriving from San Diego. Judah Braun is traveling to attend a funeral. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Aiyana Champlin is a domestic passenger. He is from Colorado. He is leaving from LAX to go to Austin. Aiyana Champlin is traveling on a vacation.

Princess Stoltenberg is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is arriving from Phoenix. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is nervous. She is is going to take a limo from the airport. Their ride is late.

Dorris O'Connell PhD is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. Dorris O'Connell PhD is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jamaal Zieme is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Gambia. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Melbourne–Tullamarine on Virgin Australia.

Kennedi Stehr Jr. is an international passenger. He is a citizen of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. Arriving from Abu Dhabi on Etihad Airways. Going to Abu Dhabi. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Samanta Doyle is a domestic passenger. He is from Maine. He is arriving from Oakland. He is nervous. He is is going to take a rental car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Miss Vidal Zieme is a domestic passenger. She is from Tennessee. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to Orlando. Miss Vidal Zieme is flying on United Airlines. Miss Vidal Zieme is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Adan Toy is a domestic passenger. She is from South Dakota. She is arriving from New Orleans. Adan Toy is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is anxious. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Madge Daugherty is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is leaving from LAX to go to Newark. Madge Daugherty is traveling on top-secret business.

Zetta Ward is a domestic passenger. She is from South Carolina. She is leaving from LAX to go to Nashville. Zetta Ward is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is sad.

Miss Deanna Luettgen is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Burundi. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on All Nippon Airways. Going to Tokyo–Haneda. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Destini Bernhard is an international passenger. They is a citizen of Mongolia. Arriving from Prescott on Great Lakes Airlines. Going to Prescott. They have to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. They have an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Miss Crystal Runte is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Dallas–Love. Miss Crystal Runte is flying on Southwest Airlines. Miss Crystal Runte is traveling to visit family. She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Federico Klein is an international passenger. He is a citizen of South Africa. Arriving from Paris–Charles de Gaulle on XL Airways France. Going to Paris–Charles de Gaulle. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Fredy Farrell is a domestic passenger. He is from Pennsylvania. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Indianapolis and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. Fredy Farrell is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Dean Jones is a domestic passenger. He is from West Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to Albuquerque. He is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Ms. Daniella Marks is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Philadelphia. Ms. Daniella Marks is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Miss Estevan Kutch is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Las Vegas. Miss Estevan Kutch is flying on American Eagle. Miss Estevan Kutch is traveling for business. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Robin Ankunding is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington DC and headed to Denver. Robin Ankunding is flying on JetBlue. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 39 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kaelyn Kub is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to Dallas. Kaelyn Kub is flying on Delta. She is angry. She has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Crystal Boehm is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Samoa. Arriving from Sydney on Qantas. Going to Brisbane. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Yvette Carter is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Boston. Yvette Carter is flying on Southwest Airlines. He is nervous. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Judy Stehr DVM is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Liberia. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Baltimore on United Airlines. She is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Erling Hahn is a domestic passenger. She is from New Hampshire. She is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas. She is traveling to visit family.

Rosina Altenwerth is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Bahrain. Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Ms. Stefan Wunsch is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Singapore. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Panama City on Copa Airlines. He is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport. Their ride is late.

Eriberto Grady is a domestic passenger. He is from Oklahoma. He is arriving from Milwaukee. He is angry. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Layne Hahn is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to Washington DC. Layne Hahn is flying on Spirit Airlines. She is traveling for business. She has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Allie Wehner is a domestic passenger. She is from Michigan. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Orlando. Allie Wehner is flying on Alaska Airlines. She is angry. She has an incredibly long layover of 35 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Leo Yundt is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Ghana. Arriving from Amsterdam on KLM. Going to Madrid on Iberia. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has a nice layover of 6 hours.

Mayra Larson is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Virgin Islands, U.S.. Arriving from Doha on Qatar Airways. Going to Doha. She has an incredibly long layover of 27 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Hanna Block is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bahamas. Arriving from Stockholm–Arlanda on Scandinavian Airlines. Going to Stockholm–Arlanda. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 27 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Agustina O'Reilly is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is arriving from Dallas/Fort Worth. He is nervous. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport. Their ride is late.

Newton VonRueden is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is arriving from Milwaukee. He is traveling to visit family. He is ecstatic. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Monroe Hamill is a domestic passenger. He is from New Jersey. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to New York City. Monroe Hamill is flying on Delta. He is delirious. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 57 minutes.

Nico Paucek is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Saint Barthelemy. Arriving from Taipei–Taoyuan on China Airlines. Going to Taipei–Taoyuan. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Gunnar Ullrich DVM is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Gunnar Ullrich DVM is flying on American Eagle. She is nervous. She has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Ressie McCullough is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Somalia. Arriving from Hong Kong on Cathay Pacific. Going to Hong Kong. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Robyn Bednar III is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to New Orleans. Robyn Bednar III is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Mr. Ashton Gutkowski is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Martinique. Arriving from Doha on Qatar Airways. Going to Doha. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Sarai Howe is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is arriving from Tucson. Sarai Howe is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Aimee Anderson is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. Aimee Anderson is flying on Alaska Airlines. He is anxious. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 48 minutes.

Caesar Russel is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Burundi. Arriving from Lihue on United Airlines. Going to Mexico City. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 17 hours. She begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Johnathan Steuber is a domestic passenger. He is from West Virginia. He is leaving from LAX to go to Indianapolis. Johnathan Steuber is traveling on top-secret business. He is ecstatic.

Francis Schneider is a domestic passenger. He is from Minnesota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to Las Vegas. Francis Schneider is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling on a vacation. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 34 minutes.

Mrs. Kaley Howell is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is arriving from Newark. She is excited. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Dell MacGyver is a domestic passenger. He is from Georgia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Portland, Oregon and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. He is tired. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Albin Osinski MD is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Boston. Albin Osinski MD is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is anxious. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Francis D'Amore is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Austin. Francis D'Amore is flying on Spirit Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 58 minutes.

Jazmyn Windler is a domestic passenger. He is from Maryland. He is arriving from Seattle. He is angry. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Ernesto Kub is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Salt Lake City and headed to Baltimore. She is traveling on a vacation. She is excited. She has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Mrs. Kathryne Hyatt is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Suriname. Arriving from Dubai–International on Emirates. Going to Guadalajara on Aeroméxico. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Nyah Kuhn I is a domestic passenger. He is from Oklahoma. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Sacramento. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 41 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dameon Turner is an international passenger. He is a citizen of British Indian Ocean Territory (Chagos Archipelago). Arriving from Beijing–Capital on Air China. Going to Beijing–Capital. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Carmen Rodriguez is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is arriving from Milwaukee. She is tired. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Naomi Oberbrunner is a domestic passenger. He is from Massachusetts. He is leaving from LAX to go to Denver. Naomi Oberbrunner is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous.

Annamae Wuckert is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is arriving from Honolulu. She is traveling for business. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Otho Howe is a domestic passenger. He is from Alaska. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Atlanta. Otho Howe is flying on American Airlines. Otho Howe is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 23 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Clarabelle Ernser I is a domestic passenger. She is from Missouri. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to San Jose, California. Clarabelle Ernser I is flying on Virgin America. She has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Jayme Medhurst is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to New York City. Jayme Medhurst is flying on Southwest Airlines. He is angry. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 32 minutes.

Miss Tony Ebert is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. Miss Tony Ebert is flying on Frontier. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 48 minutes.

Jerry Padberg is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Diego and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. Jerry Padberg is flying on JetBlue. Jerry Padberg is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Casimer Feil is a domestic passenger. She is from New Jersey. She is connecting through LAX, coming from New Orleans and headed to Houston. Casimer Feil is flying on American Eagle. She is delirious. She has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Madalyn Schaefer is a domestic passenger. He is from Kansas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Las Vegas and headed to Cleveland. He is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned. He has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Rowan Witting is a domestic passenger. She is from New Hampshire. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas–Love and headed to Houston. Rowan Witting is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 45 minutes.

Herbert Gerhold is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Kansas City. She is traveling for business. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Abigale Morar is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Georgia. Arriving from Sydney on Virgin Australia. Going to Brisbane. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 57 minutes.

Rosella Willms PhD is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to San Jose, California. Rosella Willms PhD is flying on American Eagle. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 18 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Ms. Harvey Kessler is a domestic passenger. He is from Ohio. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to New York City. Ms. Harvey Kessler is flying on Delta. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 31 minutes.

Leann Batz is a domestic passenger. She is from Michigan. She is arriving from Chicago–O'Hare. She is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Mckayla Schmidt II is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is leaving from LAX to go to New Orleans. She is traveling to attend a funeral.

Orlando Dooley IV is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is arriving from Reno/Tahoe. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Joany Berge MD is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is arriving from Portland, Oregon. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Anderson Keeling II is a domestic passenger. She is from Arizona. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Washington DC. Anderson Keeling II is flying on Virgin America. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Maybelle Murazik is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is arriving from Cleveland. He is sunburned. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Mikayla Haley is a domestic passenger. She is from Alabama. She is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Detroit. Mikayla Haley is traveling to visit family. She is excited. She has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Annabelle Batz is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas/Fort Worth and headed to Albuquerque. Annabelle Batz is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Brennan Wilkinson is a domestic passenger. She is from North Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington–Dulles and headed to Newark. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is excited. She has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Frederique Hamill is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Indianapolis and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. She has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Candace Shields is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is arriving from San Francisco. She is traveling for business. She is overworked. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport. Their ride is late.

Magdalena Satterfield is a domestic passenger. He is from Kansas. He is leaving from LAX to go to Indianapolis. He is traveling to visit family. He is excited.

Manley Champlin is a domestic passenger. He is from Virginia. He is arriving from Albuquerque. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Pietro Cormier is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–Midway. Pietro Cormier is traveling to visit family. She is ecstatic.

Doris Stehr I is a domestic passenger. He is from Wisconsin. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to St. Louis. Doris Stehr I is flying on Allegiant Air. He is nervous. He has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Evalyn Oberbrunner I is a domestic passenger. He is from Montana. He is leaving from LAX to go to San Francisco. He is grief-stricken.

Isaiah Lueilwitz is a domestic passenger. He is from Illinois. He is leaving from LAX to go to Nashville. Isaiah Lueilwitz is traveling on a vacation.

Gerry Raynor is an international passenger. They is a citizen of South Africa. They is leaving from LAX to travel to Qingdao on XiamenAir.

Miss Jamey Mueller is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Switzerland. Arriving from Inyokern on Boutique Air. Going to Merced. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Gerhard Mayert is an international passenger. He is a citizen of San Marino. Arriving from Reykjavík–Keflavík on WOW air. Going to Reykjavík–Keflavík. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Georgiana Oberbrunner is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bahamas. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Taipei–Taoyuan on China Airlines. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Gail Runolfsson is a domestic passenger. She is from Arizona. She is arriving from Orlando. She is content. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Mrs. Jesus Bernier is a domestic passenger. He is from Maryland. He is leaving from LAX to go to Fort Lauderdale. Mrs. Jesus Bernier is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is ecstatic.

Ms. Genevieve Rogahn is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Saint Lucia. Arriving from Mexico City on Alaska Airlines. Going to Mammoth Lakes. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Ms. Moriah Altenwerth is a domestic passenger. She is from Illinois. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to Dallas. She is content. She has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. She begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Summer Gottlieb is a domestic passenger. She is from Florida. She is arriving from El Paso. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is delirious. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport.

Molly Toy is a domestic passenger. She is from Texas. She is arriving from Dallas. Molly Toy is traveling to visit family. She is anxious. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Hester Blanda is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is arriving from Milwaukee. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Royal Tillman is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Boston and headed to Houston. Royal Tillman is flying on Alaska Airlines. She is angry. She has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Alfred Langosh is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to Denver. Alfred Langosh is flying on United Airlines. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Gay Baumbach V is an international passenger. She is a citizen of New Caledonia. Arriving from León/Del Bajío on Interjet. Going to Guadalajara. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Kelli Grant is a domestic passenger. She is from New York. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to Las Vegas. Kelli Grant is traveling on top-secret business. She is tired. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Geovanny Russel is a domestic passenger. He is from Alaska. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Omaha. He is traveling to visit family. He has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Layne Cruickshank is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is leaving from LAX to go to New York City. She is angry.

Shad Heaney is a domestic passenger. She is from New Mexico. She is leaving from LAX to go to Indianapolis.

Lysanne Dibbert is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is arriving from Houston–Intercontinental. She is traveling on top-secret business. She is sad. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Jaron Osinski is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Greenland. Arriving from Sacramento on American Eagle. Going to Tucson. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Oma Heathcote is a domestic passenger. She is from Wyoming. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Indianapolis. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has a boring layover of 6 hours.

Zena Senger Jr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Albuquerque. Zena Senger Jr. is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Phyllis Trantow is a domestic passenger. She is from Alabama. She is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. Phyllis Trantow is flying on Frontier. She is traveling on a vacation. She has a nice layover of 6 hours.

Jordane Gibson III is a domestic passenger. He is from Ohio. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Chicago–Midway. Jordane Gibson III is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. He begins crying at the thought of being here that long.

Miss Lizeth Torp is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to San Diego. She has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Samara Nikolaus is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to San Antonio. Samara Nikolaus is flying on Delta. She is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Curt Schinner is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is leaving from LAX to go to Phoenix. Curt Schinner is traveling to visit family. He is ecstatic.

Maudie Pollich is a domestic passenger. She is from Vermont. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Milwaukee. Maudie Pollich is flying on JetBlue. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Tom Bechtelar DVM is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Denver and headed to El Paso. Tom Bechtelar DVM is flying on Virgin America. He has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Linda Reichel is a domestic passenger. He is from New Hampshire. He is arriving from Oakland. He is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is sad. He is is going to take a city bus from the airport. Their ride is late.

Alysha Hermann is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Tanzania. He is leaving from LAX to travel to San Salvador on Avianca El Salvador.

Bonnie Fisher is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Colombia. Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dulce Dach is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Kenya. Arriving from Seoul–Incheon on Singapore Airlines. Going to Tokyo–Narita. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 27 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Laurianne Friesen is a domestic passenger. She is from New Mexico. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Baltimore. Laurianne Friesen is flying on United Airlines. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Antonietta Hyatt is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Aruba. Arriving from Houston on Southwest Airlines. Going to Albuquerque. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has an incredibly long layover of 36 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Jesus Jacobi is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is arriving from Fort Lauderdale. She is angry. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Timmy Kreiger is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is leaving from LAX to go to San Antonio. She is traveling to visit family.

Miss Alessia Mayert is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Seychelles. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Kahului on Hawaiian Airlines.

Eriberto Jacobs is a domestic passenger. He is from Mississippi. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Houston. Eriberto Jacobs is flying on JetBlue. He is traveling to visit family. He is sad. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Mallory Harvey I is a domestic passenger. She is from North Carolina. She is leaving from LAX to go to Sacramento. She is traveling to attend a funeral. She is sad.

Quincy Schinner is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is leaving from LAX to go to Denver. He is traveling on a vacation. He is nervous.

Aisha Mante is a domestic passenger. He is from Arizona. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Nashville. Aisha Mante is flying on Virgin America. He is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Matt Goyette is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Eritrea. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Phoenix on American Airlines.

Alexandro Mann is a domestic passenger. She is from Nebraska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Las Vegas and headed to Austin. Alexandro Mann is flying on Virgin America. She has a comfortable layover of 4 hours.

Connie O'Reilly MD is a domestic passenger. She is from Ohio. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to Washington–Dulles. Connie O'Reilly MD is flying on American Airlines. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 28 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Pierre Cartwright is a domestic passenger. He is from Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Pittsburgh. Pierre Cartwright is flying on Spirit Airlines. Pierre Cartwright is traveling to visit family. He is excited. He has a convenient layover of 5 hours.

Miss Katelin Jacobs is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Bahrain. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Guadalajara on Volaris.

Mr. Gerson Beatty is a domestic passenger. He is from North Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to San Diego. Mr. Gerson Beatty is flying on United Airlines. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Lucie Veum is a domestic passenger. He is from Massachusetts. He is arriving from Reno/Tahoe. Lucie Veum is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is excited. He is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Ethan Barrows II is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Hong Kong. Arriving from Cleveland on Spirit Airlines. Going to New Orleans. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Otilia Gerhold is a domestic passenger. She is from North Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to Salt Lake City. Otilia Gerhold is flying on Delta. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 40 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Matteo Schroeder is a domestic passenger. He is from New York. He is arriving from Boston. He is traveling for business. He is overworked. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Florencio Hoeger Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Kansas. She is arriving from Fort Lauderdale. Florencio Hoeger Sr. is traveling to visit family. She is nervous. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Marcelino Reichel is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Dallas. Marcelino Reichel is flying on American Eagle. He is traveling on a vacation. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Miss Savannah Murray is a domestic passenger. He is from Michigan. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. He is traveling for business. He is nervous. He has a convenient layover of 5 hours.

Willy Hand is a domestic passenger. They is from Colorado. They is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Milwaukee. Willy Hand is traveling to attend a funeral. They are content. They have a boring layover of 6 hours.

Aaliyah White is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. Aaliyah White is flying on American Eagle. He is delirious. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Rhianna Reinger is a domestic passenger. He is from Arizona. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Minneapolis/St. Paul. Rhianna Reinger is flying on Virgin America. He is traveling to attend a funeral. He is grief-stricken. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 45 minutes.

Dee Wilderman is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to New Orleans. Dee Wilderman is traveling to visit family. She has an incredibly long layover of 38 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Lempi Koepp is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is arriving from Boston. She is angry. She is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Kade Bogan is a domestic passenger. He is from Illinois. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Albuquerque. Kade Bogan is flying on Southwest Airlines. Kade Bogan is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has a boring layover of 5 hours.

Lennie Runolfsson is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Saudi Arabia. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Puerto Vallarta on Interjet.

Dolly Pfeffer is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Chicago–Midway. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Brian Schaefer is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Romania. Arriving from Istanbul–Atatürk on Turkish Airlines. Going to Istanbul–Atatürk. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a convenient layover of 6 hours.

Viviane Kertzmann is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is arriving from Dallas–Love. Viviane Kertzmann is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is anxious. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Luis Rowe is a domestic passenger. He is from Indiana. He is arriving from Atlanta. He is traveling for business. He is overworked. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Vern Williamson is a domestic passenger. She is from Wyoming. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Vern Williamson is flying on Frontier. She is ecstatic. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Ms. Jordi Cole is a domestic passenger. She is from Iowa. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Indianapolis. Ms. Jordi Cole is flying on Spirit Airlines. Ms. Jordi Cole is traveling on top-secret business. She is nervous. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Winston Oberbrunner is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cambodia. Arriving from Dubai–International on Emirates. Going to Dubai–International. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Deon Bosco is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Lebanon. He is leaving from LAX to travel to New York City on JetBlue Airways. He is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Lilian Grimes is a domestic passenger. He is from Louisiana. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Reno/Tahoe and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. Lilian Grimes is flying on Frontier. Lilian Grimes is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mr. Julien Rau is a domestic passenger. She is from Idaho. She is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–Midway. Mr. Julien Rau is traveling to visit family. She is nervous.

Lavinia Quitzon is a domestic passenger. He is from Georgia. He is leaving from LAX to go to St. Louis. He is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned.

Anabelle Ondricka Jr. is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Falkland Islands (Malvinas). Arriving from Amsterdam on KLM. Going to Amsterdam. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has a convenient layover of 4 hours.

Corrine Bartell is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Benin. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Qingdao on XiamenAir. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Alysa Runolfsdottir is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Japan. Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kylee Grady is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Mayotte. Arriving from Guangzhou on China Southern Airlines. Going to Manchester (UK) on Thomas Cook Airlines. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has a convenient layover of 3 hours.

Laurie Swaniawski is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is arriving from New York City. She is angry. She is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Tabitha Rippin is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is leaving from LAX to go to Austin. Tabitha Rippin is traveling on a vacation. He is tired.

Amani Casper Sr. is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Montserrat. Arriving from Dublin on Aer Lingus. Going to Dublin. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Clotilde Parker is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to St. Louis. Clotilde Parker is traveling for business. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 22 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Deanna Gaylord is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Brazil. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Acapulco on Volaris. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Merritt Zieme is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Democratic People's Republic of Korea. Arriving from Guadalajara on VivaAerobus. Going to Guadalajara. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Riley Marks is an international passenger. He is a citizen of French Guiana. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Aspen on American Eagle.

Rylee Cummings IV is a domestic passenger. She is from West Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from San Francisco and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Rylee Cummings IV is flying on American Eagle. Rylee Cummings IV is traveling on top-secret business. She has a boring layover of 6 hours.

Flossie Hamill is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Niue. She is leaving from LAX to travel to San Jose, California on Alaska Airlines. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Raina Lebsack is a domestic passenger. He is from New Hampshire. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Raina Lebsack is flying on Delta. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He has a nice layover of 5 hours.

Alfredo Satterfield is a domestic passenger. He is from Rhode Island. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New Orleans and headed to Nashville. Alfredo Satterfield is flying on Frontier. Alfredo Satterfield is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is delirious. He has an incredibly long layover of 24 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Kristofer Bosco is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Australia. Arriving from San Salvador on Avianca El Salvador. Going to San Salvador. He has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Sedrick Lesch is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Uzbekistan. Arriving from Tokyo–Narita on Singapore Airlines. Going to Singapore. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? She has an incredibly long layover of 26 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Bill Will is a domestic passenger. He is from Iowa. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. He is traveling on top-secret business. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Wendy Farrell PhD is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Lebanon. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Las Vegas on Southwest Airlines.

Hildegard Parker is a domestic passenger. She is from Alaska. She is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–Midway. She is traveling to visit family.

Guy Crona is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Germany. Arriving from Frankfurt on Lufthansa. Going to Frankfurt. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has an incredibly long layover of 41 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Isaac Schmidt V is a domestic passenger. He is from Illinois. He is arriving from Pittsburgh. He is anxious. He is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Franz Beer is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Detroit and headed to Chicago–Midway. Franz Beer is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is traveling to visit family. She is angry. She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Christy Greenfelder Jr. is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Luxembourg. Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 12 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Lessie Hahn is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Bermuda. Arriving from Panama City on Copa Airlines. Going to Panama City. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Maureen Homenick is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Trinidad and Tobago. Arriving from San Francisco on Delta Shuttle. Going to San Francisco. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Miss Nadia Kuhlman is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is arriving from Pittsburgh. Miss Nadia Kuhlman is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is excited. She is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Dortha Bernier is a domestic passenger. She is from Arizona. She is arriving from Salt Lake City. Dortha Bernier is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Miss Alyson Gottlieb is an international passenger. He is a citizen of New Caledonia. Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 53 minutes.

Joannie Halvorson PhD is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Dallas. She is overworked. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Garland Larkin is a domestic passenger. He is from Nebraska. He is arriving from Seattle/Tacoma. Garland Larkin is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

June Paucek DVM is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Chicago–O'Hare. June Paucek DVM is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is traveling to visit family. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ada Balistreri is an international passenger. They is a citizen of Fiji. Arriving from Osaka–Kansai on Japan Airlines. Going to Osaka–Kansai. They have a nice layover of 3 hours.

Clyde Haag is a domestic passenger. She is from New York. She is arriving from San Jose, California. She is traveling to visit family. She is angry. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Green Leffler is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is leaving from LAX to go to San Jose, California. He is tired.

Anita Becker III is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Mali. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Santiago de Chile on LATAM Chile.

Pedro Kihn DDS is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is leaving from LAX to go to New York City. She is traveling on a vacation. She is tired.

Edgardo Weber is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Saint Lucia. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Papeete on Air France.

Harrison Robel is a domestic passenger. He is from Texas. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Portland, Oregon. Harrison Robel is flying on Virgin America. He is sad. He has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Shanna Hartmann is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Fiji. Arriving from Istanbul–Atatürk on Turkish Airlines. Going to Istanbul–Atatürk. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She is not amused. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Arlie Ernser is a domestic passenger. She is from Ohio. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Baltimore. Arlie Ernser is flying on Virgin America. She is traveling to attend a funeral. She has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Octavia Balistreri is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is leaving from LAX to go to Boston. He is traveling on top-secret business. He is angry.

Miss Marian Thiel is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Indianapolis. She is traveling on a vacation. She is tired. She has an incredibly long layover of 46 hours. She begins sobbing at the thought of being here that long.

Marley Goodwin I is a domestic passenger. He is from South Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Orlando and headed to Orlando. Marley Goodwin I is flying on Spirit Airlines. Marley Goodwin I is traveling on top-secret business. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Alia Lynch Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Maryland. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Baltimore. Alia Lynch Sr. is flying on Allegiant Air. Alia Lynch Sr. is traveling to attend a funeral. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Nolan Marks is a domestic passenger. They is from Illinois. They is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–O'Hare and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. Nolan Marks is flying on American Airlines. Nolan Marks is traveling on a pilgrimage. They have an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Hannah Will V is a domestic passenger. He is from Tennessee. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Sacramento and headed to Honolulu. He is traveling on top-secret business. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Roger Larkin is a domestic passenger. She is from Ohio. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Seattle. Roger Larkin is flying on JetBlue. She has an incredibly long layover of 11 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Rodrigo Crist is a domestic passenger. She is from Ohio. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to New York City. Rodrigo Crist is flying on Spirit Airlines. She is tired. She has a nice layover of 6 hours.

Ron Kiehn is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Russian Federation. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Tokyo–Narita on Singapore Airlines.

Nelle Gaylord is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Taiwan. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Taipei–Taoyuan on China Airlines. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Mario Kessler is a domestic passenger. She is from Oklahoma. She is arriving from Detroit. Mario Kessler is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport. Their ride is late.

Misael Lang is a domestic passenger. He is from Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Portland, Oregon. Misael Lang is flying on Virgin America. He is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has a nice layover of 5 hours.

Daryl Kuvalis is a domestic passenger. He is from South Carolina. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Las Vegas and headed to Salt Lake City. Daryl Kuvalis is flying on American Airlines. He is anxious. He has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Frida Gislason is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Turkey. Arriving from Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion on El Al. Going to Tel Aviv–Ben Gurion. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Sabrina Douglas is a domestic passenger. He is from New York. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Honolulu and headed to Houston–Intercontinental. Sabrina Douglas is traveling on top-secret business. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Tate Emmerich is a domestic passenger. He is from Idaho. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Tucson. He is traveling for business. He is overworked. He has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Alayna Donnelly is a domestic passenger. He is from California. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Las Vegas and headed to Las Vegas. Alayna Donnelly is flying on JetBlue. He is delirious. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Nathan Moen is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Kenya. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Lima on LATAM Chile. He is is going to take a limo from the airport.

Adah Collier is a domestic passenger. She is from Oregon. She is arriving from El Paso. Adah Collier is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take a Lyft from the airport.

Nona Stroman is an international passenger. He is a citizen of New Caledonia. Arriving from León/Del Bajío on Aeroméxico Connect. Going to Monterrey. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He has a comfortable layover of 5 hours.

Lane Welch Sr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is arriving from Albuquerque. He is angry. He is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport. Their ride is late.

Mrs. Samson Williamson is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Belarus. Arriving from Abu Dhabi on Etihad Airways. Going to Abu Dhabi. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Shaniya Goodwin is a domestic passenger. She is from Massachusetts. She is arriving from San Diego. She is is going to take a taxi from the airport.

Dante Gaylord is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Ecuador. Arriving from Santiago de Chile on LATAM Chile. Going to Guadalajara on VivaAerobus. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Misty Parker is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Tanzania. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Seoul–Incheon on Korean Air.

Shannon Hackett is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Seattle/Tacoma. He is tired. He is in a big hurry because he only have a layover of 54 minutes.

Lucie O'Connell is a domestic passenger. He is from West Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle/Tacoma and headed to Las Vegas. Lucie O'Connell is flying on Frontier. Lucie O'Connell is traveling on a pilgrimage. He is nervous. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Mrs. Forrest Bradtke is a domestic passenger. He is from Oregon. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Newark and headed to Washington–Dulles. He is tired. He has a boring layover of 6 hours.

Ian Batz is a domestic passenger. He is from Delaware. He is leaving from LAX to go to Dallas. He is sad.

Joesph Treutel is a domestic passenger. She is from Pennsylvania. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Philadelphia and headed to Dallas. Joesph Treutel is flying on Allegiant Air. Joesph Treutel is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Richie Rodriguez is a domestic passenger. He is from Alabama. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas and headed to Detroit. Richie Rodriguez is flying on Alaska Airlines. He is traveling on top-secret business. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Michale Jerde is a domestic passenger. He is from North Dakota. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Dallas–Love and headed to Seattle. Michale Jerde is flying on American Airlines. Michale Jerde is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He has an incredibly long layover of 20 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Keshawn Hauck Jr. is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Jersey. Arriving from Bogotá on Avianca. Going to Bogotá. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mrs. Hillary Kessler is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Cleveland and headed to San Diego. Mrs. Hillary Kessler is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She has a convenient layover of 5 hours.

Kiara Ruecker is a domestic passenger. He is from Maryland. He is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–Midway. Kiara Ruecker is traveling for business. He is tired.

Lionel Kessler is an international passenger. They is a citizen of Norfolk Island. Arriving from Dublin on Aer Lingus. Going to Dublin. They have to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? They have an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Tyrel Pouros is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Saudi Arabia. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Seattle/Tacoma on Delta Shuttle. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Pasquale Streich is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Svalbard & Jan Mayen Islands. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Panama City on Copa Airlines.

Daniela Cole is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Greenland. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Puerto Vallarta on Interjet. He is is going to take a friend's car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Presley Reilly Sr. is a domestic passenger. He is from Hawaii. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Pittsburgh. Presley Reilly Sr. is flying on Frontier. Presley Reilly Sr. is traveling on a vacation. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 15 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Dr. Tillman Terry is a domestic passenger. He is from Mississippi. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Philadelphia and headed to Reno/Tahoe. He is traveling to visit family. He is delirious. He has an incredibly long layover of 29 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Bryana Adams IV is a domestic passenger. She is from Tennessee. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Omaha and headed to Milwaukee. Bryana Adams IV is flying on Allegiant Air. Bryana Adams IV is traveling for business. She is overworked. She has an incredibly long layover of 31 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Jonatan Bernhard is a domestic passenger. She is from Washington. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Atlanta. Jonatan Bernhard is flying on Delta. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 34 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Reagan Purdy is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Sao Tome and Principe. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Zürich on Swiss International Air Lines.

Mr. Soledad Sporer is a domestic passenger. She is from Arizona. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Albuquerque and headed to Milwaukee. Mr. Soledad Sporer is flying on Alaska Airlines. Mr. Soledad Sporer is traveling on a vacation. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Estell Connelly is a domestic passenger. He is from Connecticut. He is arriving from St. Louis. Estell Connelly is traveling on a vacation. He is excited. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Beverly Herzog Sr. is a domestic passenger. She is from Nevada. She is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to Milwaukee. She is excited. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Hunter Nader is a domestic passenger. She is from Tennessee. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Sacramento. Hunter Nader is flying on Alaska Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She has an incredibly long layover of 32 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Bradly Welch DDS is a domestic passenger. She is from Tennessee. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Indianapolis. Bradly Welch DDS is flying on United Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Misael Sporer DDS is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Mongolia. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Guadalajara on Aeroméxico. He is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport.

Frances Raynor is a domestic passenger. He is from Massachusetts. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Denver and headed to Orlando. Frances Raynor is flying on JetBlue. Frances Raynor is traveling to visit family. He is anxious. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Ms. Arthur Wolff is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Burkina Faso. Arriving from Mexico City on Alaska Airlines. Going to Baltimore. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 27 hours. He begins laughing at the thought of being here that long.

Linda Ledner IV is a domestic passenger. He is from Maine. He is leaving from LAX to go to Kansas City. He is tired.

Edna Ryan I is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is arriving from New Orleans. He is is going to take a city bus from the airport.

Mr. Muriel Medhurst is a domestic passenger. They is from Michigan. They is leaving from LAX to go to Newark. They are nervous.

Kyle Moen is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Fort Lauderdale and headed to Dallas/Fort Worth. He is nervous. He has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Raleigh Sawayn is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is leaving from LAX to go to Salt Lake City. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is delirious.

Dameon Weimann is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bouvet Island (Bouvetoya). Arriving from León/Del Bajío on Aeroméxico Connect. Going to León/Del Bajío. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 44 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Mrs. Cesar Wisozk is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Kyrgyz Republic. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Lima on LATAM Perú. He is is going to take a friend's car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Ms. Lisa Huel is a domestic passenger. She is from New Mexico. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston and headed to Kansas City. Ms. Lisa Huel is flying on American Eagle. Ms. Lisa Huel is traveling on a vacation. She is nervous. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 30 minutes.

Melisa Lesch is a domestic passenger. She is from Maine. She is arriving from Dallas–Love. She is traveling to visit family. She is sad. She is is going to take the LAX shuttle from the airport. Their ride is late.

Aric Stark is a domestic passenger. He is from Maine. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to Las Vegas. Aric Stark is traveling to attend a funeral. He is grief-stricken. He has an incredibly long layover of 10 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Viva Gaylord is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Norfolk Island. Arriving from Manila on Philippine Airlines. Going to Manila. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. Why won't anyone help them find where to go? He has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mrs. Ozzie Hayes is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Marshall Islands. Arriving from Guangzhou on China Southern Airlines. Going to Barcelona on Level. He has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Elvis Heidenreich is a domestic passenger. He is from Rhode Island. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Chicago–Midway and headed to Baltimore. Elvis Heidenreich is flying on Delta. He is sad. He has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Arvilla Jacobson V is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is leaving from LAX to go to Nashville.

Nora Lebsack is a domestic passenger. He is from Mississippi. He is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–Midway. He is traveling on top-secret business.

Mr. Laisha Cummerata is a domestic passenger. He is from Vermont. He is leaving from LAX to go to Honolulu. He is traveling to visit family.

Maureen Moore DDS is a domestic passenger. She is from Louisiana. She is arriving from Portland, Oregon. Maureen Moore DDS is traveling on a vacation. She is is going to take a rental car from the airport.

Riley Bashirian is a domestic passenger. He is from Washington. He is leaving from LAX to go to San Antonio. He is traveling to visit family.

Mrs. Osvaldo Ondricka is a domestic passenger. He is from California. He is leaving from LAX to go to Seattle. He is sunburned.

Blaze Corwin is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to Austin. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Garrett Lindgren is a domestic passenger. She is from Idaho. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Phoenix and headed to Salt Lake City. Garrett Lindgren is flying on American Eagle. Garrett Lindgren is traveling to visit family. She is anxious. She has a nice layover of 4 hours.

Adaline Klein I is a domestic passenger. He is from Missouri. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Indianapolis and headed to Salt Lake City. He has an incredibly long layover of 25 hours. He begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Emiliano Waelchi is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to Chicago–Midway. Emiliano Waelchi is flying on Delta. She has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. She begins sneezing at the thought of being here that long.

Mrs. Neal Bogan is an international passenger. She is a citizen of El Salvador. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Lima on LATAM Chile.

Delphine Donnelly is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Aruba. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Amsterdam on KLM. She is is going to take a friend's car from the airport. Their ride is late.

Greyson Okuneva I is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Greece. Arriving from Minneapolis/St. Paul on Sun Country Airlines. Going to Sydney on Virgin Australia. He has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Beatrice Legros is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Virgin Islands, U.S.. Arriving from Seattle/Tacoma on Delta Shuttle. Going to Seattle/Tacoma. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. He has an incredibly long layover of 30 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Hugh Mante is a domestic passenger. He is from Oklahoma. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Washington–Dulles and headed to Dallas–Love. Hugh Mante is traveling on a vacation. He has an incredibly long layover of 12 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dr. Lawson Treutel is a domestic passenger. She is from Indiana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Fort Lauderdale. Dr. Lawson Treutel is traveling on top-secret business. She has an incredibly long layover of 35 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Jaylin Howell is a domestic passenger. She is from Virginia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to San Diego. Jaylin Howell is flying on Southwest Airlines. She is nervous. She has an incredibly long layover of 19 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Marquis Legros is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Western Sahara. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Minneapolis/St. Paul on Sun Country Airlines.

Evert Hessel is a domestic passenger. He is from Pennsylvania. He is connecting through LAX, coming from San Antonio and headed to Tucson. He is traveling to visit family. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Ida Mosciski is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Kuwait. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Mexico City on Alaska Airlines. She is is going to take a taxi from the airport. Their ride is late.

Rhett Barton is a domestic passenger. He is from Nevada. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to San Antonio. Rhett Barton is flying on American Airlines. He is tired. He has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Anabelle Mraz is a domestic passenger. She is from Connecticut. She is leaving from LAX to go to Omaha. Anabelle Mraz is traveling on a vacation. She is tired.

Sonny Cormier is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Uruguay. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Moscow–Sheremetyevo on Aeroflot.

Cindy Stehr is a domestic passenger. She is from Arizona. She is leaving from LAX to go to Chicago–Midway. She is tired.

Dr. Edgar Sawayn is a domestic passenger. He is from Arkansas. He is arriving from San Diego. He is anxious. He is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Mrs. Thomas Beier is a domestic passenger. She is from Vermont. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Milwaukee and headed to St. Louis. She is anxious. She has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Koby Hansen is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Djibouti. Arriving from Brisbane on Qantas. Going to Melbourne–Tullamarine. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. How long does this take? She has a boring layover of 4 hours.

Marcelo Brown is a domestic passenger. She is from Mississippi. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Seattle and headed to Dallas–Love. Marcelo Brown is flying on Alaska Airlines. She is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has a comfortable layover of 6 hours.

Anais Ruecker is a domestic passenger. She is from South Carolina. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Denver and headed to Reno/Tahoe. Anais Ruecker is flying on American Eagle. She is traveling for business. She has a problem because she missed her flight.

Dr. Torrance Carroll is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Baltimore and headed to Dallas–Love. Dr. Torrance Carroll is flying on United Airlines. She is sad. She has a comfortable layover of 3 hours.

Elvie Klocko is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to Milwaukee. He is excited. He has an incredibly long layover of 16 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Stan Abernathy is a domestic passenger. He is from New Mexico. He is connecting through LAX, coming from New York City and headed to Milwaukee. He is traveling on a vacation. He is sunburned. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Zack Wintheiser DVM is an international passenger. He is a citizen of France. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Dublin on Aer Lingus. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Misty Ryan DDS is a domestic passenger. He is from Ohio. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Nashville and headed to Phoenix. Misty Ryan DDS is flying on Delta. Misty Ryan DDS is traveling for business. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Mrs. Dolly Huels is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Liberia. Arriving from Chengdu on Sichuan Airlines. Going to Jinan. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 13 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Mr. Assunta Jacobson is a domestic passenger. He is from Georgia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Portland, Oregon and headed to El Paso. He is traveling to visit family. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 44 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Lindsey Goodwin is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Andorra. Arriving from Kahului on Hawaiian Airlines. Going to Kailua–Kona. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. The novelty is wearing off. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Sienna Quitzon is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is arriving from Seattle. He is traveling for business. He is tired. He is is going to take a shared ride van from the airport.

Melyssa Goodwin III is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cyprus. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Jinan on Sichuan Airlines.

Oscar Huels is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Cook Islands. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Reykjavík–Keflavík on WOW air.

Hoyt Reynolds is a domestic passenger. He is from Mississippi. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Pittsburgh and headed to San Jose, California. Hoyt Reynolds is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is traveling to visit family. He is angry. He has an incredibly long layover of 20 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dahlia Daugherty is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Jordan. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Munich on Lufthansa. She is is going to take a hotel shuttle from the airport.

Santos Schumm IV is a domestic passenger. He is from Rhode Island. He is leaving from LAX to go to Minneapolis/St. Paul. Santos Schumm IV is traveling on a vacation.

Arjun Schoen is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Belarus. Arriving from Seattle/Tacoma on Delta Shuttle. Going to Copenhagen on Norwegian Air Shuttle. He has an incredibly long layover of 7 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Rogers Altenwerth IV is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Bahrain. He is leaving from LAX to travel to Tokyo–Narita on United Airlines. He is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Uriel Bernier is a domestic passenger. They is from Nevada. They is connecting through LAX, coming from Tucson and headed to Denver. Uriel Bernier is flying on Alaska Airlines. Uriel Bernier is traveling on top-secret business. They are nervous. They have a problem because they missed their flight.

Meta Ruecker is a domestic passenger. She is from Texas. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Austin and headed to Denver. She is traveling on top-secret business. She has a nice layover of 3 hours.

Caleigh Macejkovic is a domestic passenger. He is from Wyoming. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Philadelphia and headed to Philadelphia. Caleigh Macejkovic is flying on Virgin America. He is sad. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Dr. Garett Mertz is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Gambia. She is leaving from LAX to travel to Nadi on Fiji Airways.

Ms. Skye Kulas is a domestic passenger. She is from Hawaii. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Houston–Intercontinental and headed to San Antonio. Ms. Skye Kulas is flying on United Airlines. She is in a big hurry because she only have a layover of 53 minutes.

Emmett Hoppe III is a domestic passenger. She is from North Dakota. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Baltimore. Emmett Hoppe III is flying on American Airlines. She is traveling to visit family. She is excited. She has an incredibly long layover of 31 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Guillermo Hermann is a domestic passenger. He is from California. He is arriving from Salt Lake City. He is traveling for business. He is is going to take an Uber from the airport.

Jonathon Halvorson is a domestic passenger. She is from Georgia. She is leaving from LAX to go to San Francisco. She is ecstatic.

Kamren Goodwin is a domestic passenger. He is from Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Kansas City and headed to Boston. Kamren Goodwin is flying on Spirit Airlines. He is nervous. He has an incredibly long layover of 9 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Vesta O'Conner is a domestic passenger. He is from Utah. He is leaving from LAX to go to Honolulu. He is traveling on a vacation.

Amina Fritsch is a domestic passenger. He is from Michigan. He is connecting through LAX, coming from El Paso and headed to San Antonio. Amina Fritsch is flying on American Airlines. He is traveling to visit family. He is ecstatic. He has an incredibly long layover of 21 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Miss Rebeca Osinski is a domestic passenger. She is from Wisconsin. She is arriving from Dallas. She is traveling on a pilgrimage. She is excited. She is is going to take the FlyAway bus from the airport.

Michel Ullrich is a domestic passenger. He is from West Virginia. He is connecting through LAX, coming from Oakland and headed to Orlando. Michel Ullrich is flying on Southwest Airlines. He is sunburned. He has an incredibly long layover of 12 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

Gilberto Huel is an international passenger. He is a citizen of Tajikistan. Arriving from León/Del Bajío on Aeroméxico Connect. Going to Monterrey. He has to wait for a bus between terminals. He is not amused. He has a problem because he missed his flight.

Virgie Kautzer is an international passenger. She is a citizen of Kuwait. Arriving from London–Heathrow on British Airways. Going to Prescott on Great Lakes Airlines. She has to wait for a bus between terminals. She has a convenient layover of 6 hours.

Dagmar Hermiston II is a domestic passenger. She is from Montana. She is connecting through LAX, coming from Indianapolis and headed to New Orleans. Dagmar Hermiston II is flying on American Airlines. Dagmar Hermiston II is traveling on a vacation. She is sunburned. She has an incredibly long layover of 8 hours. Time to get some sleep?

Dorris Prohaska is a domestic passenger. They is from Minnesota. They is connecting through LAX, coming from St. Louis and headed to San Antonio. They are nervous. They have an incredibly long layover of 14 hours. Perhaps there is an open restaurant to eat at?

